I still remember how shocked I was.
There was no warning at all,
and the reality was so cruel.
The warm hands that used to pat my head…
The kind smile that used to heal my heart…
He was stronger, kinder, and more diligent than anyone…
And even he couldn't achieve his dreams?
It made no sense.
Of course I felt some guilt.
But still…
I couldn't forgive that man.
If it meant taking him down,
I would harden my soft heart,
and work towards my true goal.
What a view!
What a view!
Did you not see it last year?
Did you not see it last year?
Well, I did see a little of it,
but was too focused on having fun with my friends to appreciate it.
It still kinda doesn't feel real.
It's not that often you get to go on a cruise, after all.
That's not what I meant.
I meant going out with you.
You never pick up on these things.
So, how's it for you?
Does it feel real for you yet?
I'm… not sure.
It both does and doesn't.
The heck does that mean?
Well, I never imagined being able to meet outside without anybody seeing us.
There is that, I guess.
Depending on the details they announce for the exam,
I may have to ask you for a favor.
I get that.
And I'll do it if I can.
Looks like the first-years are done.
We can't be seen together, so I'll head over first.
Why would you sit here?!
Are you doing this on purpose?!
Completely.
Ugh, why should I have to mov…
I will now explain the rules for the deserted island special exam.
Starting tomorrow, for two weeks, you will
Emptied groups are eliminated,
and the five lowest-scoring groups will be expelled.
The first is basic movement.
The island is split into a 100-cell grid.
Four cells will be specified per day, announced at fixed times.
Rules govern these. Three per day will be within two cells cardinally
or one cell diagonally from the last.
But, once per day, a cell will be chosen randomly,
so you can make no predictions.
the second five, the third three,
and all who arrive in time will receive one bonus point.
but a group's arrival time is determined by when the full group is present.
And if your group happens to already be in a cell when it is specified,
you will get one point, but not this Early Bird bonus.
Failure to arrive in three specified cells in a row will be penalized.
Before I explain the other
take a look at this.
We will have you wear these watches until the exam is over,
and distribute linked tablets to each of you.
These will be essential tools that determine your point awards.
We will be monitoring your health at all times,
and if your vitals cross a set line,
a warning alarm will sound.
It is set to stop after five seconds,
but if you remain over the line, it will repeat.
If this continues,
it will change to an emergency alert.
In this case, you are to undergo a medical checkup at the starting zone,
but if you cannot reach it,
you will drop out and may be penalized.
If your emergency alert stays active for five minutes,
the teaching and medical staff will rush to your GPS location.
Naturally, forcible removal and equipment malfunctions will disable point gains.
You must exchange your watch for a new one at the start zone.
Now, let's return to basic movement.
During the exam, groups will not all be moving to the same areas.
These watches contain twelve different tables.
Your table will determine all of your specified cells from start to finish.
Naturally, all members of a group will be on the same table,
and if you form a large group, you will all switch to the same table.
tasks set around the island.
The tasks' locations and content cannot be predicted.
You can view their participation conditions,
but you must make your way to them to learn their contents.
Completing a task can reward you with food or water.
Groups will be approved if they link their watches.
Now, Acting Director Tsukishiro has his own speech to give you.
Tsukishiro here.
This deserted island exam is of an unprecedentedly large scale.
I would like to give you all just one word of warning.
In its role as your guardian here,
the school will maintain maximum surveillance.
But that does not mean its vision extends across the entire island.
Sexual troublemakers will be penalized without hesitation,
and we will report any crimes to the police.
And one more thing.
There may be some who become frustrated over a lack of food or water,
causing scuffles with other students.
To a certain extent, I intend to allow this.
This is because it is impossible to entirely prevent strife.
Of course, if the line of criminality is crossed, the school will intervene.
Depending on circumstances,
you may be dropped from the exam, or even expelled.
That is all.
I ask that you please act as befits Advanced Nurturing High School students.
[Advanced Nurturing High School Deserted Island Special Exam] Thank you, Acting Director Tsukishiro.
Now, for our last topic, we will move on to essential food and tools.
Now, for our last topic, we will move on to essential food and tools.
Whoa, look at all that!
Is this really enough for everyone?
Wh-What?!
How to put it? I guess we both have difficult personalities.
It's not easy to join the rabble.
Huh?! Don't lump me in with you!
I can do it just fine.
What are you doing?
What are you doing? I thought I'd get… all the water… we'd need.
I thought I'd get… all the water… we'd need.
Potable water is precious,
but it seems I'll have to either find it on-site or earn it from tasks.
How'd you sleep last night?
Normally.
You're not feeling sick, are you?
Still holding last year against me?
No, just teasing you.
The special exam is starting, yet you seem rather relaxed.
Panicking won't change anything.
[Time until next area announcement Time to reach area Target area]
Mine's F9.
Looks like we're on different tables.
I won't be worrying about you anymore.
Just get a high rank, even on your own.
I'd like to,
but it won't be funny if I end up being the only one expelled.
That would be a problem, yes.
That's your issue?
I can't blame you for being low on funds, given your contract with Kushida,
every month is too much.
I'm all too aware of that.
Don't push yourself too hard. This will be really hard for a girl on her own.
I'll just take that as a bit of kind advice.
None of the second-year groups are in a rush.
The first-years got more than ten minutes' head start.
Wasting stamina racing for the first area would be a poor strategy.
Is Koenji seriously aiming to take first?
Beats me. We made a bet, yes,
but I have no idea how he'll try to handle it.
Promises are non-binding, after all.
Alriiiight! Let's go get number one!
Hurry it up, Nishino! You too, Tsube!
It's too hot. Don't ask the impossible.
Besides, it's too late to beat the firsties.
When you give up, it's all over!
Who knows! The firsties might be taking it easy!
Give it a rest! It'd just be a waste of stamina.
Or, hey, just go it alone.
But then we wouldn't get the Early Bird bonus, and it'd be a pain to regroup!
There you are!
Need something?
Not in particular.
Just to tell you…
I'm not going to lose. Ever.
Does she even understand how hard this exam will be?
She seems incredibly motivated, at least.
Having a rival is a good thing.
Not that I view her as one.
If nothing else, I'm relieved we're on different tables.
And now…
It's time I got going.
missing any designated cells.
Early Bird bonuses and high placement in tasks
but that takes a lot of skills, smarts, and luck.
As such, getting one point at a time, every time, will be crucial.
Are you discussing the next area?
Oh, Kiyopon.
Our first area was here, in D8.
We're already done.
Where are you headed, Kiyotaka?
D7, one cell north.
We could have stayed together if only we were on the same table.
Well, there are twelve.
Anyway, I'm going to get going to my area.
It's a bit sad to part, so I hope we can find time to chat longer!
There are a lot of ways to cooperate across groups,
Take care! - but if they have members that'd hold me back,
but if they have members that'd hold me back,
I have to avoid them.
I'm lucky we're on different tables this time.
I should head for the center of the cell, to be ready to go any direction.
If I want to determine who else is on my table,
my only option is direct observation.
Good morning.
Nanase. Where are Hosen and Amasawa?
Investigating the area.
I decided to come here to see how many other groups there are.
The same as me, then.
I expect you'll have your share of troubles on your own. Take care.
Excuse me.
Three hours until the next area gets announced.
So it's either wait, or go for a task.
Hey there, Ayanokoji!
So you came here? Too bad, though.
The deadline was five minutes ago.
So it seems.
You don't have to be in such a hurry.
You're allowed to spectate.
I think it's problematic when teachers try to steal students' time.
Aww, that's a bit harsh, don't you think?
I just wanted to chat a little!
We haven't talked like this since the closing ceremony.
We haven't.
And yet you've gotten all kinds of attention since.
And here I thought you didn't like to stand out.
I don't.
Then why did you get a perfect score in math?
That seems pretty outstanding to me.
I'm pretty sure plenty of students could have answered problems like those.
You think so? I wonder.
Even if they could, you're in Class D.
You sure it's a good idea to acknowledge someone with crazy high specs is in it?
I think 2-D has plenty of remarkable students in it.
1-D does, too.
That's true, but…
The school's really changed since last year.
Yes, I believe there are remarkable students,
but not enough to move a whole class, or rather,
none that give the impression they're changing anything, like you do.
So she's gathering information in places I can't see, is she?
I'm in a bit of a bind, myself.
I've never been dropped to Class C before,
and here I thought this class could reach A.
And you think it should fall to someone else to fix that?
That's a low blow.
Hey, I just had a groundbreaking idea!
You could join my class, like how Katsuragi transferred to Class B!
That's a hell of a thing to say.
You can shoot for Class A with us! How about it?
before graduation.
Besides, we don't yet know which class will win its way to A in the end.
Y-You didn't have to take it so seriously…
Sudo's changed a lot, too.
Who changed him, hm?
Just for the record, it wasn't me.
Anyway, I'll be heading back now.
They'll be stationing me here and there throughout the exam,
so we might meet again!
Ayanokoji.
That's twice today.
It is. What a coincidence.
How'd today go for you?
It was all I could do to get three
And you?
Sounds like you took off running.
We did.
Um…
No, it's nothing.
Even if Tsukishiro wants to get me expelled by forcing me into the bottom five,
I'm in charge of my point earnings.
Which means he could manipulate my watch or tablet,
showing me false target destinations,
but if I complained to the school,
that half-baked strategy would fail.
If he's using a White Room student,
they'd try to force me out due to injury or illness.
Which means they'd attack when I'm in a blind spot.
That's the most realistic method of expelling me.
E8, huh?
Considering the travel time, I should let this one pass.
Second twice in a row. I might have a formidable rival on this table.
Guess I'll go back to E6 and wait for a task.
Ayanokoji.
We meet again. Do you think we might be on the same table?
Possibly.
Even if we head for the same areas,
our chances of meeting aren't that high.
This could just be a string of coincidences, but…
Um, if you don't mind, I have a favor to ask.
Such as?
If it's not an imposition, could we stick together for a while?
Stick together? What's this about?
The truth is, last night Hosen and Amasawa said they'd go their own ways,
so we've gotten split up.
That could be considered a strategy.
I don't believe I can reach the designated areas very quickly on my own.
Meanwhile, I've run into you three times since yesterday morning,
and with just one exception, you reached the areas first.
I can't say it's wise for groups to cooperate across school years.
If you reach a task that only has room for one more group,
an argument is guaranteed to ensue.
I don't mind letting you take priority for all of them.
That'll naturally result in your point income decreasing.
This is my first deserted island exam,
so even having suitable routes picked for me is a huge help.
Even if I did pick suitable routes,
could you keep up with me?
I'm confident in my stamina.
Or is it less that it's a bother, and more you don't trust me?
Got it. If that's what you want, I don't mind.
Thank you very much.
What are your plans now? We have over an hour before the next announcement.
A quiz task appeared in F8, to the southeast. I'm going there.
Got it. I'll come with.
Horikita joined the student council,
but I haven't gotten any new information out of her.
Nagumo's personal maneuvering aside,
the management of the student council appears to be above-board.
The real action started on a particular weekend,
one week before the deadline for forming groups.
The vice president, Kiriyama, had asked to speak with me.
So here we are.
How can I help you, Mr. Vice President?
The deserted island test starts at the end of the month.
#8 The Subject of the Dragons' Gaze
Have you completed your preparations?
I've done what I can.
What about you, Vice President Kiriyama?
I'm thinking of engaging in an individual fight in the upcoming test.
An individual fight?
Our class lost the battle with Nagumo and was dropped down.
He's gradually taking control of the whole school.
There's no more fighting our class can do.
The only thing I can do is settle things on an individual basis.
I understand.
But I'm not sure why you would want to tell me about that.
Let's just say I don't want any outside interference.
Outside interference?
You sent Horikita-senpai's sister into the student council
to keep an eye on Nagumo, didn't you?
I can't say that wasn't part of it.
Though it's not the main reason.
It's so that Horikita can walk the same path her brother did.
You won't get in my way, then?
As long as Horikita doesn't see Nagumo as an obstacle.
I can't accept that.
Nagumo is aware on some level that I was leaking information to Horikita-senpai.
Any unwarranted interference now...
It could put you in danger?
Yes.
Are you looking for a chance to move up to Class A?
What's the point of graduating in anything but Class A?!
I refuse to go down with the incompetents and weirdos of Class B!
Kiriyama.
You're with an interesting underclassman, I see.
Ayanokoji Kiyotaka, right?
Spending time with someone like that won't get you anywhere.
Better than spending time with you.
That's up to Ayanokoji to decide, I'm sure.
That's Kiryuin. She's in Class B with me.
I saw her OAA.
A highly-regarded student with Academic Achievement and Physical Ability of A+.
She does well on paper.
But she doesn't have supporters like Nagumo does.
She doesn't have a single real friend.
Listen to those compliments. You're making me blush.
Engaging with her is a waste of time.
What's wrong? You won't come to see me?
I think she wants to talk to me.
If you don't come to me, I'll have to come to you.
Are you sure you want that?
People like her are why I've had to settle for Class B.
She's a selfish outsider who doesn't care about anyone else!
Thank you for the compliment.
I'd like to talk to Ayanokoji.
You're in our way.
Don't forget what I said.
Watch your step, or I'll become your enemy, too.
Standing to talk is so uncivilized. Let's sit.
Sure.
So, what did you want to talk to me about?
Anything at all.
I just want to get a read on you.
A read on me?
The reason you don't contribute to your class is
because you aren't interested in your classmates, right?
What I'm not interested in is this school's system of competing for Class A.
I'm talented enough on my own merits to get whatever position I want after school.
You wouldn't have come here if you'd known it was like this, then?
Far from it.
I like this school.
And the point system affords me a comfortable life.
You've been asking all the questions, you know...
Why me, though?
There are lots of students here with high Academic Achievement.
Instinct.
My instinct tells me that you're extraordinary.
Are you going to try to take first place in the upcoming survival game?
I'm sure every student wants to take first place.
Except people like you, Kiryuin-senpai.
Maybe not first, but I am aiming for one of the top slots.
A top slot will earn
Money tends to burn a hole in my pocket.
I never seem to have enough.
The upcoming special test
is also a battle to determine the best student in the school.
Whether or not my interest in you is misplaced
will be determined by your achievement on the island.
I think I'd rather not have you interested in me.
You do say the most interesting things.
I'm looking forward to fighting you,
Ayanokoji.
Well, well. The loyal dog has returned with its master in tow.
What was that?
Hey, don't say hurtful things to my dear colleague.
Dear colleague?
I'm not sure I buy your sincerity.
It's entirely genuine, I assure you.
Now, Mr. President. How can I help you?
I didn't think we had any more business.
I certainly don't intend to stay long.
Despite your beauty, you're entirely lacking in charm.
I have no interest in women like that.
Oh, I have a great many charms.
I just haven't met the gentleman who could draw them out of me.
I'd love to see the man who could.
As would I.
I really wonder why the men aren't all over me.
Men don't know how to deal with a strong woman.
I see.
If they're all just intimidated, I completely understand.
You've been taking good care of your hair, I see.
I'm sure the women are all over you.
Had any better luck in the romance department these last three years?
A woman who's never dated a man wants to comment on my love life?
There's no need to be ashamed of a lack of experience.
Couldn't you actually say it makes me more valuable?
As usual, your mind works in the strangest ways.
Kiriyama told me what you said.
You've never shown any interest in me or Horikita-senpai,
yet you've set your sights on Ayanokoji? Very unexpected.
You seem to be under a misapprehension.
I'm really quite interested in people.
When someone sparks that interest, I'll happily approach them.
You and Horikita Manabu, too... I was interested in you both at one point.
And what do you make of Ayanokoji?
I'm reserving judgment for now.
I lost interest in you, but I think he'll be more fun.
You're the only one who could openly insult me like that.
I'd love to rein in that arrogance of yours.
When you lose, your losses will be beyond measure, Mr. President.
Let's call it aura.
I sensed an aura about him different from that of you and Horikita Manabu.
That's not very concrete.
Why not test him, then?
I intend to.
We may see what he can really do on the upcoming island test.
I said I was reserving judgment on Ayanokoji Kiyotaka earlier...
but I do think he's an interesting student.
Oh?
You see the underclassmen as amusing playmates.
But if you really went for it, you'd take first place, no doubt.
Oh, there's no question of that.
Either me or my rival Kiriyama.
But if we want to sweep all three top spots, we'll need another group, won't we?
You should take that role, Kiryuin.
I see. So that's what you wanted.
But you have countless other pawns to call upon, don't you?
You're not interested, then?
So sorry to waste you a trip.
I should have expected no less.
It was a waste of time, then.
Since you went to the trouble to come here, I'll offer you a word of advice.
Don't worry about the underclassmen. Just focus on your path forward.
You may end up burned.
What a ridiculous thing to say.
Off to Keyaki Mall this early?
I won't have time to relax once the test starts.
Ichinose seems to trust you a lot.
Is that trust justified?
We've canceled our alliance, but I don't view Ichinose as an enemy.
Kanzaki...
Are you trying to get some kind of comment from me to pass on to Ichinose?
You're far sharper than we ever thought.
I can see that Class D's rapid rise is because of you.
You think so?
I want to ask for your help.
Ichinose trusts you greatly.
I want you to tell her that she needs to change her approach.
You really think that will get her to change?
Yes.
Sorry, but I can't help you there.
I want to see where Ichinose's approach takes her.
And, fundamentally, it's up to us to help our own classes.
Don't you think?
True. Maybe I'm trying to defer responsibility.
I feel like I've had the answer I need.
But I'm grasping for alternatives because I don't want to go through with it.
This is a rather random grouping.
I'd like to know why you called us here.
Just relax already.
I couldn't possibly relax.
I don't even want to be seen in your company.
What's Class A's plan in the deserted island survival game?
What do you mean?
Do you have your sights set
or something else?
And the fact that Ichinose and Shibata
are in a group with Sakayanagi stinks to high heaven.
Would this be a new alliance?
You're free to interpret it however you like,
but I won't tell you a single thing.
Don't be so uptight, Katsuragi.
You'd like it if Sakayanagi got expelled in the upcoming test, wouldn't you?
What?
If she went away, Class A wouldn't have a leader.
You'd be back on top then.
I don't know what you're planning, but it won't work.
to save herself from expulsion,
and she can use her protection point, as well.
True, getting her expelled would require at least two strikes.
The idea of doing it in the next test was a joke, anyway.
The deserted island survival game isn't a place to take down enemies.
It's a place to advance yourself through your own power.
What really matters is that Year 2
To do that, I need a few allies.
Surely you're not proposing an alliance with me?
Not just you.
The quiet listener over there, too.
Ayanokoji.
Huh? Me, too?
You thought I called you out here for nothing?
He has impressive math skills, but do you really think he's suitable for this?
An understandable concern from a position of ignorance.
But my strategy is the right call.
This man beat me once before, after all.
Is that true?
Admit it, Ayanokoji.
Even if I did, do you think I would work with you?
Not easily, I'm sure.
Unbelievable.
I see you weren't serious about this from the start.
Have you forgotten that, since last year's island test,
the contract you made with me has obliged Class A
to send me large numbers
I'm sure that doesn't sit right with you.
But you can't take revenge because you know it's your fault.
Join Class B, Katsuragi.
Ridiculous.
If you don't have the money, I'll pay up.
Even so, you expect me to abandon the prestige of Class A?
I'll be bringing down Sakayanagi very soon.
Once that happens, her class will enter a downward spiral.
Ryuen Kakeru
Katsuragi Kohei
You remember this, don't you?
The contract we signed last year.
Yes.
I negotiated with Sakayanagi and let her out of it for five million.
You won't get another chance like this.
Why would you do all of this for me?
You don't think very highly of yourself.
But it's true, I'm shelling out a lot here.
I've already collected the remaining
Go on and sign it already.
Class Transfer Contract
July 10th
First Party: Advanced Nurturing High School Class 2-A
Second Party: Advanced Nurturing High School Class 2-B
Ryuen Kakeru
You're serious?
See it as fate, and accept it.
What do you expect from me?
Am I allowed to give my opinions freely?
Do what you like.
Even your uptight opinions will be useful from time to time.
By the way, Ayanokoji.
What in the world are you doing?
Oh?
Well... I was wondering how my coffee would taste if I diluted it
three or four times over.
You're a strange man, Ayanokoji.
What about him, then?
If we let a Class D student into the group, it will halve our reward.
I didn't say we were letting him into the group.
I want you to sell us the Trial card you were dealt.
On one condition.
Trade your Halve card for the Bandwagon card in our class.
If Kei ends up taking a penalty, she can use Halve to keep it in the safe zone.
It's a deal.
What are you going to do for your group?
The deadline's coming up.
Working alone will let me be more adaptable.
But if you end up in poor health, you'll fail on the spot.
The penalty is severe. You'll be expelled.
You haven't formed a group yet either, have you?
You and I have different risk levels.
Last year, you got sick before the deserted island test.
I think you should form a group of two for insurance.
But the only two left in the class are you and Koenji-kun.
I have a lead on someone from another class.
Huh?! You want me to work with Horikita?
Yeah, pretty much.
Her physical abilities are acceptable,
but everything else is cause for concern.
Hey, you can't talk to me like that!
Ishizaki, did you know this was what they were going to ask about?
What's the big deal? No one else will pair up with you.
But I hate this guy. And I hate Horikita even more!
I won't work with her.
Excuse me. I don't recall agreeing to work with you.
Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
You're alone because you were the odd man out.
I was always intending to fight alone.
Although we're both alone, our situations are drastically different.
I wanted to do this alone, too!
Besides, if we're both singles, that's perfect.
Let's compete, Horikita.
May I ask a question?
Why are you so opposed to me?
We've had our differences, but I don't recall giving you a reason for bad blood.
You're the only one who thinks that.
I see this was a waste of time.
Hey, get back here!
Are we competing or not?!
I won't necessarily stick to a solo strategy.
Once the test starts, I may join other groups as necessary.
So lame.
The special tests are too important to worry about appearances.
Even if I join a group, I hope you'll work hard.
If you still beat me, I'll give you some credit.
Fine by me!
Schedule 1. Opening speech 2. National anthem 3. Message from acting chairman 4. Speech by student council president 5. School song 6. Closing speech
The end-of-term ceremony came and passed in a flash.
Soon, we'd be heading out for the deserted island survival test.
This won't be your first time undertaking a special test.
You've spent over a year at this school, facing and overcoming challenges.
But the test you're about to face will be harsher than any you've faced before.
I'll make just one request of you—
if possible, I want every one of you back in this classroom when it's over.
Horikita, my girl.
May I talk to you about the test?
That's unusual.
Have you decided to voluntarily participate at last?
Let's say you're half right.
I know you desperately want the class
Naturally.
Let's make a deal, then.
If I make a good showing,
will you promise me total freedom in the class until graduation?
That's quite a bold proposal.
You're asking me to indulge your selfishness moving forward?
Exactly.
Like a full advanced payment through graduation.
It seems even you're feeling a sense of desperation.
I'm sorry, but a decent effort from you isn't worth the trade.
No room to negotiate, then?
No, but I can't accept a vague offer like "make a good showing."
You must take first place in the year by yourself.
If you can't, you must promise to work with us on the next special test.
Yes, very well.
I shall agree to your terms.
You have yourself a deal, Horikita, my girl.
July's half over already. It's gotten quite hot.
The doubts over Chairman Sakayanagi's conduct will also be clearing up soon.
It will become difficult for me to remain in my position.
All the more reason...
I've prepared a grand fireworks show for the finale.
I'd like you to use any means necessary
to have Ayanokoji Kiyotaka expelled from the school.
Is that understood?
Yes. I've put my doubts behind me.
I'm counting on you...
Nanase Tsubasa-san.
Yes, sir.
I've learned one thing.
isn't Hosen's only motive.
What do you mean?
I thought Hosen wouldn't
let his people pair up for anything
because he wanted to stock
But if that were the case, he'd be more proactive
about partnering up the lower-scoring students.
That is true.
Any student who fails suffers a painful point penalty.
You're right, Ayanokoji-senpai.
Hosen-kun hasn't taken any payment from our classmates.
He just wants to impose rules to keep an iron grip on the class, then?
And any students who break those rules are ostracized.
I want to build a relationship of trust from an even playing field.
Take my offer to Hosen-kun.
I'm prepared to discuss at any time.
Very well. I'll call him and see.
I have Hosen-kun on the phone.
Heya. Nanase filled me in.
I'd prefer to speak in person.
Hosen Kazuomi
Nah, we're not doing that.
So you refuse to even negotiate?
That's right.
But Hosen-kun—
Hosen Kazuomi
Shut your damn trap.
Where do you get off talking back to me?
I'll kill you.
I'd rather you didn't.
I'd like you to meet with Horikita-senpai, though.
Hosen Kazuomi
Next time you contact me,
Call Ended
I'm sorry!
Don't bow to us, please.
I'm very grateful for the help you've offered.
But...
At the very least, I've made my intentions clear to Hosen-kun.
That's enough for now.
#3 Determination of a Leader
Calling
In Call
Took you long enough to pick up!
Sorry.
Did you look into the thing I asked you for this morning?
Yeah, that's why I'm calling.
The clerk I talked to said they'd only sold one since the start of April.
Apparently, some first-year tried to buy one,
but after they checked out, some other kid talked to them, and they returned it.
Who was the student who asked them to return it?
The clerk didn't know.
Said it was a girl, though.
Did my intel help you out?
Yes, even more than I expected.
I'm pretty good at stuff, huh?
Better show me some gratitude.
I am grateful.
By the way, how are your studies going?
Well, I mean...
Look, you haven't been to the study group lately, have you?
Would you be more motivated if I were there?
Well, yeah!
I gotta show off my best side when my boyfriend's there.
Then will you come to my apartment tomorrow?
You wanna hang out?!
Yes, but we won't be hanging out. We'll be studying.
Koenji-kun.
You haven't found a partner yet, I hear.
What of it?
I'll easily achieve a passing grade no matter who my partner is.
Would you let me pick your partner, then?
I must refuse.
Why?
Because I am who I am!
Is that everything?
I suppose. For now.
I-I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
Did something happen?
I was trying to convince Hosen-kun to come with me.
It seems you didn't succeed.
We'll have to resort to more forceful methods.
We're not making any progress like this.
May I offer an idea of my own, then?
I've determined that Hosen-kun's methods
will hurt our competitiveness moving forward.
As a desperate last resort,
I'm thinking about making a play to become leader of Class 1-D.
Are you serious?
Wouldn't that put too much of the burden on you?
I don't mind.
I don't want to lose the trust and opportunities you're offering me.
Going against Hosen-kun won't just hurt your class's unity.
It'll tear it in half.
I can't let you do that.
I suppose that's true.
Class 1-D's problems will be resolved if we can just get Hosen-kun on our side.
So will you help me change his mind?
It's a dangerous gamble.
I'm aware of that.
I also believe there's a very good chance that we could work together.
Despite how hostile he's being to you?
I've chosen to interpret that as sublimated affection.
For now, at least.
I also think that convincing Hosen-kun is the best way.
If you'll trust me with this,
I'll make sure he meets with you by Sunday, two days from now.
I trust you.
I look forward to seeing you both in two days.
Yes, we'll be there.
What is it?
Time for my study group.
We have our game plan. Can you handle the rest?
Sure.
Horikita-senpai seems to be juggling a lot.
To lead a class, I guess that's what you have to do.
Horikita-senpai is your class's leader.
But...
What kind of person are you, Ayanokoji-senpai?
I think that you might be a rather base and wicked person.
What do you mean by that?
Well...
The White Room student would want to scrutinize me from up close.
To prove that they're better... and...
to prove themselves to that man.
But that didn't seem like something you'd say to a fellow White Room student.
I'm sorry. Pretend I didn't say anything.
Goodbye, Senpai. I'll be going now.
Nanase.
Are you aware of the existence
No, I'm not.
You can spend them to negate an expulsion.
Why are you telling me about this?
As thanks for your help.
I appreciate that.
There's a lot of people around outside at this time,
but I was really careful not to be seen.
Okay, let's get started.
Huh?! Shouldn't there be something else first?
If your studies are where they should be,
I'll happily entertain whatever chit-chat you'd like.
Hey, question.
Your Academic Achievement rating is C, right?
But you could get a better score if you wanted, right?
I suppose.
Why go so hard to hide it, then?
I didn't want to stand out.
So, hey! What score would you get if you went all-out?
For real? But isn't that...
Since coming here, I haven't encountered a single problem I couldn't solve.
Let's get started, then.
You sit here.
Teach me by my side.
Huh?
What's this?
Hair, I guess.
It's a red hair! And it's long!
This clearly belongs to a girl!
Red hair! A girl I've never seen before!
Yes?
Oh? Isn't this Ayanokoji-senpai's apartment?
Sorry, it's me.
How can I help you?
Oh, you have a guest?
Should I come back another time?
No, it's fine. Come on in.
Thanks for having me!
Hey there! I'm Amasawa Ichika!
A pleasure.
You're a second-year, right? What's your name?
Karuizawa Kei.
Karuizawa-senpai, huh?
Hey, are you Ayanokoji-senpai's girlfriend or something?
How's that your business?!
And just what is your relationship to Kiyotaka?
I'll explain all that in a bit.
I think I may have left something at your apartment.
It's one of my favorite hair ties.
What?!
Pretty sure I took it off somewhere around here...
Maybe it slid under something...
Senpai, this might get a little lurid.
I'll look.
Hey. I want an answer to my question.
Let's see, how should I put it...
Ayanokoji-senpai has become my...
personal chef?
What in the world?!
She's Sudo's partner.
I cooked for her once.
Why were you cooking for Sudo-kun's partner?
I'll check in the kitchen.
You keep searching there.
Got it.
Excuse me!
Like she said, I had her over once and cooked.
That's all.
That's really all?!
I'm gonna see if she—
There it is!
It must've slipped under the fridge.
Looks like I'm a third wheel, so I'd better be going!
Sorry to make you go out of your way.
No prob. See ya later!
Still, you're quite a smooth operator.
I didn't expect you to have such a pretty girlfriend.
But I guess I shouldn't have you cooking for me alone, then.
You bet he shouldn't!
You should join us next time, Karuizawa-senpai.
Bye-bye, then!
You seem quite close with your pretty little kohai, Kiyotaka.
105 pairs have now formed.
That's close to 70%.
If the White Room student is among the remainder,
there's a good chance we'll be paired up.
Well, well.
If it isn't Ayanokoji-kun.
Sakayanagi.
You've been quite assertive with the first-years lately, haven't you?
I'm just working with Horikita to find partners for the likes of Sudo and Ike.
I see.
But is that really all it is?
What do you mean?
It's my understanding that the White Room sent an assassin to have you expelled.
I'll be fine.
May I ask why you're so sure?
I'm going to discard my previous approach.
I'm not going to hold anything back from now on.
I see.
If you haven't found a partner yet, would you like my assistance?
That's very considerate of you.
But I'll have to turn you down.
You don't trust my judgment?
I acknowledge your skill.
But I'll decide my destiny for myself.
I see.
I'll give you some space, then.
I'll watch your battle from a distance instead.
Hey, you got a minute?
You're Ayanokoji-senpai of Class 2-D, aren't you?
I'm Utomiya of Class 1-C.
This is Tsubaki.
We were wondering if we could talk to you about being her partner.
I'm sorry it's so sudden, but would you hear us out?
I hate being in another person's debt, or having others in mine.
I want a relationship I won't regret later.
I'm curious about something. May I?
Of course.
How many people did you ask before me?
I'm sorry. You're actually the first.
Out of everyone, it just happened to be me?
That's accurate, but there's also a reason.
We think the Class A and C second-years
I see. That does make sense.
I don't have a partner yet, but I have a candidate in mind.
We're still working out the details.
I see.
I guess that's too bad.
It'd be faster to find someone else, then.
True.
Here. This is my contact information.
This may be rather self-serving,
but if I can't work things out with my partner, I may contact you again.
Understood.
Let's go, Tsubaki.
Tsubaki Sakurako and Utomiya Riku.
I'll have to keep those names in mind.
Sorry, Karuizawa-san, to call you out so suddenly.
Hey, it's all good.
What did you wanna talk about?
Why... did you break up with Hirata-kun?
Oh, I didn't tell you?
You did, but...
It didn't really make sense to me.
When you broke up...
Was it because you wanted something else?
Huh? Where's that coming from?
I dunno what you're talking about.
Karuizawa-san...
Are you dating Ayanokoji-kun?
You are, aren't you?!
H-Hang on, what makes you think that?
Have you been after him since I asked you to help me get together with him?
Have you loved him since before then?
H-Hang on a minute here—
Be honest!
If you don't, I won't be able to think of you as a friend anymore.
Well...
You're right.
Aya—
I mean, Kiyotaka and I are dating.
You even call him Kiyotaka...
We started dating at the end of spring break.
Just a little before then, actually.
My main question is, how long have you liked him?
I dunno.
But... I started to around the time you were asking me for advice.
I see.
You're mad, right?
I don't love it.
You knew how I felt and went behind my back.
But he already blew me off, so it's not like I have any right to be mad...
Still...
Can we say we're even now, Karuizawa-san?
You wanna give me one more for good measure?
N-No... I don't think I'm brave enough for that.
And... I'm sorry for hitting you.
Hey, no problem. I'm the one who's sorry.
I fell in love with the person you like.
Well, of course you did.
Ayanokoji-kun's really cool. He's way hotter than Hirata-kun.
Hey!
What are you doing, Karuizawa-san?
I really am sorry.
Sunday night.
It's the time Nanase designated for us to meet with Hosen.
Hey.
How's test prep coming?
Great, of course!
I'm betting I'll score a 250 at least!
Seems like you enjoy studying now.
Hell no.
But getting praise from Suzune is pretty motivating, y'know?
Hey, Ayanokoji.
If I asked Suzune out sometime soon,
you think she'd give me the go-ahead?
I don't think so.
Yeah, I figured.
I've caused a hell of a lot of trouble for her.
For the rest of the class, too.
A little effort now ain't gonna make up for all the crap I've caused.
But for the next two years, I'm gonna improve on my strengths
and try to bolster my weaknesses as much as I can.
And by the time we graduate, I'll be a guy who can actually help the class out.
What if, after all that work,
Horikita still doesn't return your feelings?
Will you hate studying again?
I'll wanna die and feel like I wanna punch someone.
But I'd be letting her down if I did that, right?
That's the one thing I don't want.
I'm here.
Shall we?
That snotty little first-year, Hosen...
You really think you can get him on our side?
I wouldn't be here if I didn't.
Sudo-kun, don't say anything rash, all right?
I wasn't gonna!
Senpai, sorry we're late.
Outta the way, Nanase.
Um, is that you... Kushida-senpai?
Yes?
It's me!
I was a year behind you in middle school—Yagami Takuya.
Yagami...
Oh, Yagami-kun?!
Yes! It's been a while, hasn't it?
You know this guy?
Yes, we didn't interact very much,
but he made a big impression because he was so smart!
Do you know this Yagami person, too?
I feel so lucky to get to go to the same school as you again!
You went to the same middle school, right?
I'm afraid not.
I didn't have time to notice people who didn't concern me.
Do you think Yagami knows about Kushida's past?
I wouldn't be surprised.
I know it's sudden, but I feel like I can trust you.
Would you be my partner for the special test?
You're all right with me?
Wouldn't you rather be with someone a bit smarter?
I'm still finding my way at this school,
so what I really want is a partner I can trust!
Um... can you give me some time to think about it?
Oh, of course!
I won't partner up with anyone until you give me your answer.
I admired you so much!
#2 Contract and Payment
Isn't that cool?
Look at this!
Awesome!
Man, those first-years don't have a care in the world.
And here we are running ourselves ragged looking for good partners...
Have you forgotten how you acted a year ago?
O-Of course not!
I just know better now.
So we're looking for a first-year willing to partner with Sudo?
I thought we should ask around, at least.
Could we speak with you?
We're searching for partners for the upcoming special test.
Could we speak with you?
Oh, of course.
Right?
Yes, we haven't found partners yet ourselves.
Thank you for being so forthcoming.
We're looking for someone to partner with Sudo-kun here.
How about this, then?
And 50,000? What a rip-off!
Oh, Senpai, don't be ridiculous.
F-Five hundred thousand?!
We've already had offers from Class A and Class C.
We're going to get the best offer we can.
Very well. We'll consider it.
That said, we have another request.
Could you introduce us to other Class D students?
Well... that might be difficult.
Yeah. Hosen-kun'll get mad if we fall out of line.
Right?
Bastards. Takin' advantage of us like that...
And Hosen-kun gets mad if they fall out of line, they said.
But aren't they gonna end up without partners by the deadline?
It's the second-years who have the most to fear from failing to find partners.
Hosen-kun wants to use that to extort
Continuing to ask around will likely yield the same results.
How will you approach it?
I won't attempt to engage with the money game.
The most we can earn from this test
it's just a little over two million.
In other words,
paying 500,000 per student means you're in the red after five.
the problem isn't a solution.
I think our best chance is to negotiate with Class 1-D.
That said, relying solely on Hosen-kun's class seems risky.
To find an excellent partner,
we'll have to continue asking as many people as possible.
Hello!
There's an excellent partner right here, actually!
You were eavesdropping on us?
What a thing to say, Senpai!
I just happened to overhear, so I spoke up.
I'm Amasawa Ichika of Class 1-A.
I have an A ranking in Academic Achievement.
Would you like to work with me?
I appreciate the offer,
but would you be willing to work with Sudo-kun here instead?
Your academic rating is E+, I see...
Well, I'm willing to lend you a hand.
You mean it?!
I just love strong men, see?
What are you talking about?
I don't mean strength of will or anything.
I mean physically strong!
Maybe I'll find a lot of strong men and have them slug it out.
Whoever comes out on top will be my partner!
Is this some kind of joke? You obviously can't do that.
Joke? No, I'm very serious.
I just love strong men.
Let's go, Suzune.
She's just making fun of us.
I believe you're right.
Okay, fine!
I'll give you another chance if you'll forgive me.
A chance?
After strong men, I love men who can cook!
If you can make a delicious dish that I request, I'll partner up with you.
C-Cook?! I've never cooked before...
You wouldn't allow me to cook for you instead?
Nope!
I told you, I love men who can cook.
Ayanokoji-kun.
I believe you've bragged to me about your cooking skills before.
Yes.
It's no exaggeration to say that cooking is my strongest field.
Would you accept Ayanokoji-kun, then?
Fine, but are you really good at cooking?
My standards are extremely high!
He can handle it. Right?
Yes, I suppose.
Well, then, it's a deal!
If you fail to cook me a delicious home-cooked meal tomorrow after class,
the whole deal's off.
I'm counting on you, Ayanokoji!
Please cook me up a partner!
Tomorrow it is, then! Bye-bye!
Horikita, I believe you're aware that my cooking skill is—
Be quiet now. I'll think up a plan.
Advanced Nurturing High School Staff Update: 34 new partnerships have formed. The current number of partners is 56.
Fifty-six pairs have formed as of this morning.
Over a third of the student body has partnered up by now.
I'd better start getting serious, too.
Good morning, Ayanokoji-senpai.
I apologize for Hosen-kun's actions the other day.
You don't need to apologize for that.
Well... I tagged along to make sure he didn't do anything rash,
and I deeply regret that I failed.
Well-mannered and polite, with excellent grades.
Why is she in Class D?
And of greater concern to me is...
the way she looked at me then.
Do you have a partner yet?
Me?
No, not yet. A few people have made offers, but...
Couldn't both Class Ds work together to find partners with each other?
You mean like... an alliance?
Yes.
I'm in favor of that.
There's one problem, though.
Hosen, you mean?
Yes. Most of our students are
keeping their heads down and doing what Hosen-kun tells them.
Are you in a special position within your class?
You don't seem particularly cowed by him.
I refuse to be intimidated by violence!
But if it's Hosen who decides your class policy,
I doubt he'll agree to the offer I made.
Um... if you're all right with it, despite the situation,
I could set us up a negotiation?
You're sure about that?
I'm sure Horikita would appreciate that.
Is Horikita-senpai your class's leader?
Yes. I'll let her know.
Could we trade contact information?
Yes. I look forward to working with you, Ayanokoji-senpai!
That was a surprisingly assertive move, coming from you.
Should I not have done it?
No, it's wonderful.
But it seems Hosen wants to play the money game you're trying to avoid.
You're right.
You think he's targeting us somehow?
Still, I can't imagine he'll be easy to deal with.
As insurance, I'm discussing a potential alliance with part of Class 1-B.
Would that involve Yagami,
that boy who went to middle school with you and Kushida?
Kushida-san partnered up with him yesterday.
I'm having her negotiate through him behind the scenes.
I'd like you to do your part, as well.
Amasawa, you mean?
Yes.
I've figured out a plan.
First, you need a cutting board, right?
And a chef's knife, right?
And you'll need a bowl and a whisk...
Wait a minute.
I have cooking supplies in my room.
It's fine. I want you to have a set just for me!
These are all expensive brands, too.
Of course, you'll need a Petty knife, too!
May I ask a question?
Who's paying for—
You are, of course! Silly.
I knew that, of course.
Well, I guess it's an investment in high-quality equipment.
Oh, I told you, these are just for me.
Don't waste them on anyone else, okay?
She's a monster.
Coming in!
Wow, it's so nice and tidy!
You can make yourself at home while I'm cooking.
Thanks, Senpai!
Oh, and no looking at your phone while you cook!
How strict.
Can't handle it?
Of course I can.
I'll put my phone right here.
So, what dish do you want?
Here comes the big announcement!
The dish I want you to cook is...
Tom yum goong!
Tom yum goong?
I can't wait, Senpai!
I heard everything.
I wasn't expecting tom yum goong...
Please walk me through it.
I taught you yesterday how to use your knives.
We're going to aim for fifteen to thirty minutes of prep time.
Is that all right?
Let's see how far I've come in a day.
Wow, awesome! If we're going on looks, it's a pass for sure!
Okay, let's eat!
I love the cilantro!
And you made bunny apple slices!
Thank you for the meal.
Senpai, your tom yum goong...
I'd say it's pretty decent!
First, let me clean this up.
I'll handle that.
Hey, it's no big!
I asked such a big favor. Let me handle this much.
Okay, then.
By the way, about your judgment...
Well, honestly, it shouldn't be a pass,
but you bought me all this expensive stuff...
So, in honor of your efforts,
I guess I'll pair up with Sudo-senpai.
I'm grateful.
Hey, no prob!
Just don't forget that gratitude, okay?
Anyway, I don't wanna stay too late, so I'm heading home.
Sure.
Later, Ayanokoji-senpai!
Bye-bye!
Well done.
It seems to have worked.
The Sudo problem is solved.
That's an important accomplishment.
Though I feel we were saved by Amasawa's generous judging.
I'll let you know when Nanase contacts me next.
Right.
If Amasawa is the White Room student,
I'd expect her to have rigged something here...
but what matters is that she's partnering with Sudo, not me.
Normally, that would
clear her of suspicion of being the White Room student, but...
Nanase Tsubasa I can meet you after class tomorrow
Nanase Tsubasa I can meet you after class tomorrow
It seems the students we talked to got another offer from Class C.
They said they'd give them 10,000
What are they, stupid?
It seems Ryuen-kun is determined to take the fight to me.
What are you going to do?
Tell the first-years that I'm prepared to match Ryuen-kun's offer.
But even if the first-years agree to it, don't actually form the partner contract.
What in the world?
I don't understand at all.
Ryuen-kun... your strategy is working to my benefit.
I'm not following this all.
Sounds fine to me. If the princess says she doesn't need it...
Ryuen-kun's naked attempt at bribery...
It's not bad in and of itself.
But it was a mistake to compete with us over the exact same students.
But to be able to offer up bribes like that,
they must have a lot of private
I'm not convinced.
It doesn't cost anything just to offer a bribe.
So they're just pretending to have the money?
How does that benefit Class C, exactly?
Without Ryuen-kun there,
we of Class A would attract the most excellent students
through our brand power alone.
But with Class C offering bribes, we're forced to play the money game, too.
What's his next move, then?
Drive up the price, and try to force us
I get it. Like a poker game.
But he's misjudged me...
and the brand power of Class A.
Apparently, the Class B first-years we'd enticed for 200,000
are entertaining more offers.
But why? Is 200,000 not enough for them?
Calm down.
I know just what they're after.
Tell them we'll pay 100,000 up front, and 200,000 after the test.
Y-You serious?
That won't be enough to lock down most of them.
They'll expect Sakayanagi to go higher.
You sure this won't just blow up in our faces?
Even if we both offer the same amount, their brand power will carry the day.
The brand power of Class A is a temporary thing.
Still, what if the bidding keeps going up?
We don't actually have to pay.
What I'm trying to do
is take the measure of the people in the first-year classes.
Anyone who would flip over money
is someone we can get on our side at any time.
What matters is everyone else.
I was never going to pay out
pocket-change levels of
To kill Class A, I need to wait
are being thrown around.
Oh, I don't see you here often.
Hello, Shiina-san.
We'd like to talk, so it may get a little loud today.
I see.
In that case, there are seats back there that would be suitable.
Thank you.
Are things going well in Class C?
Yes, it seems they're really moving along.
Nanase-san aside, we need to know what Hosen-kun might do.
Yes.
Whether he shows up today will greatly change our approach.
Sorry I'm late, Senpai.
Horikita Suzune.
Thank you for making time to meet with us today.
I'm... I should say...
My name is Nanase Tsubasa.
Really, I should be thanking you.
To get right to the point, my proposal is not
I understand.
You want a proper alliance,
with both sides covering for the other's students with poor Academic Achievement.
Yes. If you were aware of that when you came here,
can I assume there's room for negotiation?
Well... I hope so.
Hosen-kun's strategy is rooted in personal self-interest.
At this rate, the students with low Academic Achievement won't be able to
find partners by the day of the test.
But what I'm most afraid of
is that his self-interest will take precedence moving forward,
and our class unity will fall apart.
True. Too much focus on self-interest will leave you at a major disadvantage
in future tests that require class unity.
Yes.
That's why I chose to undertake these negotiations myself,
for the sake of our class.
Then let me ask a rather bold question.
How many students in Class 1-D are currently struggling to find a partner?
About fifteen at the moment.
That's more than I expected.
Nanase-san, if possible,
I'd like to arrange a rather large contract with you.
A large contract?
You and I will determine and finalize fifteen partnerships between ourselves.
That's an excellent proposal,
but Hosen-kun will never agree to help you without payment.
But why? It won't disadvantage him in any way.
But even so...
I don't think he'll allow it.
I see. So that's the situation.
I've learned one thing about how Hosen thinks.
This concludes the data on Ayanokoji Kiyotaka
and the other 156 members of the second-year class.
Have you memorized all of it?
Your role is to have Ayanokoji-kun expelled within the month of April,
and return him to the White Room.
Be careful and clever in your pursuit of this goal.
If this becomes known, the name of that person...
of Sensei could be greatly damaged.
You seem displeased about this.
You don't think he deserves to be treated as our masterpiece?
Well, I've set the stage for you.
Let me see what you can do.
With talent like yours, it should be easy to get him expelled.
I forgot to ask one thing...
You're not hiding anything from me, are you?
A battle between students of the White Room—
Hunt or be hunted.
Though it's merely a game between children,
it could prove interesting.
#1 Assassin From the White Room
Hey, they turned the blackboard into a computer screen!
That's pretty cool!
Hey, Ayanokoji.
Miyake.
You didn't come to group meetings much over spring break.
I was worried.
I'm sorry. I was a bit busy.
Obviously, you're under no obligation to come,
but Haruka, and especially Airi, seemed to miss you.
Sorry.
I'll try to show up more often from now on.
Hope so.
I like having you there, too.
What were you talking about?
Nothing.
S-Suzune?!
What's with the hair?!
Horikita-san, this is quite a new you!
Is it that unusual to see someone cut their hair?
N-Nah, I mean, I just didn't expect it.
It actually looks pretty great on you, too...
R-Right, Kushida?
Yes, of course.
But what led you to do it?
You may consider it a display of resolve, I suppose.
As we enter our second year, I intend to fight to raise Class D's ranking.
I am prepared to do whatever it takes to make that happen.
Oh, gotcha.
Maybe I'll grow my hair out to balance it out!
There's a lot of noise in here.
Take your seats at once.
I'd like to start by asking you to
undergo a task crucial to your lives here moving forward.
I want you to access the school's homepage and install a new app.
The app's official name is "Over All Ability."
OAA for short.
An application to assess and rank all students in the following five categories:
Academic Achievement: Primarily reflects written test scores across the year.
Physical Ability: Reflects evaluations in gym class, club activities, and special tests.
Situational Thinking: Reflects social proficiency, communication skills, and situational adaptability as reflected in size of friend groups and position within them.
Prosocial Proficiency: Reflects contributions toward school community, including in-class attitude, attendance, lack of problematic behavior, and student council affiliation.
General Evaluation: A reflection of the student's all-around ability calculated based on the four values listed above (Prosocial Proficiency only counts half).
*General Evaluation = (Academic Achievement + Physical Ability + Situational Thinking + Prosocial Proficiency*0.5) / 350 * 100 (rounded)
OAA?
This app will be used by students in all years,
and it will provide you access to a variety of resources.
For instance, individual data on all students.
Have a look at your own data for starters.
T-Teacher!
It's giving me letter ranks like in a game!
That's right.
These are individual assessments of your abilities made by the school
based on your performance last year.
You can view the abilities of students in all years and classes.
I'm an E in academic achievement?
The ratings will be updated at the beginning of each month.
Sudo, even if you're rated E right now,
if you were to ace your next written test, you would be ranked an A+.
But a bad score will also linger as a blot on your record.
And everyone in the school will be able to see it.
Remember that your first-year ratings simply represent the past.
They won't affect your evaluations moving forward.
We hope that those with less than stellar marks will find new drive
to attempt to improve them.
A convenient tool to check our accomplishments...
No, there's surely more to it than that.
This app represents equality.
We hope that being judged
on the same benchmarks will promote more interaction between class years.
However...
I believe there's more to it than that.
This is just my own hypothesis,
but I suspect that anyone
whose General Evaluation does not meet a certain benchmark by the end of the year
will face some kind of penalty.
Penalty? You mean... expulsion?
A-Are you kidding me?!
I'm sure some of you may not be happy with your numbers,
but it's an evaluation of your current standings.
If you don't like it,
spend this year forcing the school to accept your true talents.
So we're fighting for ourselves.
The integration of this app turns the concept
of fighting together as a class on its head.
Their fear and confusion is understandable.
In addition, this system was adopted on the proposal
of the current student council president, Nagumo Miyabi.
Create a system where we're evaluated based on individual ability.
Nagumo's putting his dream into reality.
And your first special test of your second year
will include an unprecedented concept.
You will partner up with the incoming class of first-years
to take a written test.
Partner up with the first-years?
Previously, the school hasn't encouraged interaction between class years.
We've deduced that this has hindered your development of communication skills.
B-But aren't we competing with other classes in our year?
It feels kinda weird, yeah.
Think about it.
When you enter the real world, you won't always be interacting with
people from your graduating class.
And you may end up in competition with first-years and third-years at times.
You can work with anyone from any class in the first year.
The test will be at the end of the month in two weeks.
You'll have plenty of time to pick your partner.
We haven't interacted with the first-years.
It will be difficult to build up a relationship of trust from nothing.
Perhaps that's part of what the OAA app is for.
The test will cover five subjects,
And this is very important—
this time around, there will be incentives for success on both class
and individual levels.
I knew it. If you fail, you're expelled!
Partnerships must be formed by mutual consent,
and once decided, cannot be undone for any reason.
I'm sure you've already realized that
academically proficient students will be in high demand for this test.
Ma'am, what will happen to students who can't find a partner before the test?
The leftovers will be paired randomly on the day of the test.
That said,
a 5% penalty will be imposed on those who failed to find a partner on their own.
So you're in deep trouble if you don't find a partner!
Wh-Wh-What do we do, Hirata?!
Who the heck in year one is gonna pair with someone
with an E in Academic Achievement?!
I'm worried, too.
Calm down, everyone.
Let's figure out our approach.
Yes, there's no need to hurry.
The app sent us something along with the test conditions.
Academic Achievement rating.
The baseline for expulsion is 500
Someone with an E-level Academic Achievement
can work with someone of rank B or higher and easily clear the test.
Horikita-san is right.
If we work hard to prepare like always,
I'm sure we can all get through this again.
The most important thing is to be careful when choosing partners.
If you encounter any issues, talk to me or Hirata-kun.
Any student of any year found to be intentionally lowering their score
will be expelled immediately.
That would normally be a significant deterrence.
But it won't apply to the White Room student.
If they manage to pair up with me,
they won't hesitate to score a zero to take me down with them.
In other words, if I choose the person from the White Room as my partner,
I'm done for.
Acting Chairman Tsukishiro... I'm sure he came up with these rules.
Special Academic Test Outline.pdf Class Incentives -Classes will be awarded the following class point totals based on their class score, Individual Incentives -Individual score is the combined score of an individual and their partner. -If any pair scores a total of 500 or less, the second-year student will be expelled, regardless of class point standings. - Students found to be intentionally getting questions wrong to manipulate or lower scores will be immediately expelled. Students found to be coercing third parties into getting low scores will be likewise expelled.
Do you remember our agreement over winter break,
that the two of us would compete?
You think the upcoming special test is perfect for that?
Yes. If you win, I'll join the student council.
If I win, you will henceforth use all of the talent you've been hiding
for the sake of our class.
I have no objections.
Good.
Let's move to our next topic, then.
I looked into first-year students
with an Academic Achievement rating of B or higher.
There are seventeen in Class A, thirteen each in Class B and C,
and eleven in Class D.
Fifty-four in total.
We have only four students with an Academic Achievement of E.
Twelve if we throw in those with D.
There are more than enough first-year students to fill the roles we need.
The question is how to get such excellent students to partner with
students ranked D or E.
Yes. I think Sudo-kun should be our first priority.
Hasn't his Academic Achievement been improving a lot?
It has.
But if you'd never met either of them before,
which would you rather pair with? Sudo-kun or Ike-kun?
True. Sudo is physically imposing, sharp-tongued, and generally frightening.
Yes. Finding him a partner at all may prove difficult.
So I want to begin right away.
Will you help me?
Ichinose Honami I've gotten permission to host a mixer between first- and second-year students in the gym today starting at 4. If you have time, we'd love to meet with you.
Ichinose-san is impressive, as always.
She's thinking not just of Class B, but the entire picture at once.
Class A and Class C will likely take their own measures.
I still don't know what Ryuen-kun and Sakayanagi-san will try.
But I think one potential avenue for
You think we should attempt to bribe them?
asset we can offer to first-years.
Ideally, we would donate our personal funds
to secure a certain number of students...
But with our lower point incomes, it will be hard to play the money game.
I'll scout out the situation at the mixer first.
Understood. I'll come along.
Oh? You're cooperating, then?
I just want to see how you plan to approach this.
I see. I was hasty in using the word "cooperate."
Her first impulse is to build mutual trust.
That's rather typical of Ichinose-san.
But shouldn't we get down there, then?
What if Class B takes all the smart people?
Do you think we could beat
Ichinose-san's team in a competition of social graces?
It seems unlikely.
Let's go.
You sure about this, Suzune?
More than half of the students didn't attend the mixer.
I want to speak to those who didn't.
Didn't you notice?
There's a bias among the students attending the mixer.
Bias?
There were no students from Class 1-D.
Izzat supposed to mean something?
There are forty students in each class.
The fact that not a single one of them
attended suggests their class is acting as a unit.
In other words, Class 1-D already has a leader,
and they decided to blow off the mixer.
Yes.
If we can negotiate directly with that leader,
we won't need to deal with individuals.
Hey. Ichinose's up to her old tricks, huh?
She seems to be focused first on saving her classmates and first-years.
You think she realizes it's a drag to help out idiots?
It's basically throwing in the towel.
Your Class A... Sakayanagi-san anticipated this, didn't she?
That's why you didn't participate.
Yeah, I'd wager so.
So how do you intend to bring the smart students to your side?
That's up to Her Highness.
I merely do as I'm told.
Let's hurry.
The Class D students should still be in their classroom at this time.
You're pretty late to the party, Suzune.
Ryuen-kun.
You also went to scout out the first-years
instead of attending the mixer?
The only ones going to the gym would be the class idiots.
I didn't need to look.
You've already been to Class D?!
Don't worry. I haven't won anyone over yet.
Your attitude would just frighten the first-years.
I think a few light threats will get them on my side immediately.
You must be joking.
You think that method would be allowed?
Can't imagine why it wouldn't be.
I didn't see a rule saying you're expelled for threatening someone
into being your partner.
It doesn't require a specific rule.
If someone complains, you're the one who'll be affected.
Complain and see what happens, then.
Of course, I'm not so stupid as to leave tracks behind.
I'll give you a piece of info, though...
Despite having just arrived, the first-years are extremely composed.
What are you getting at?
There's a very good chance that someone from the school
has already explained to the newcomers how the school works.
Well, good luck engaging with them.
The first-years might be more resistant to our efforts than expected.
All the more reason to start negotiations now!
What the hell is this?!
Their class may be more difficult to deal with than anticipated.
Notifications suggest that twenty-two pairs have formed as of this morning.
If I draw the White Room spy, I'm expelled on the spot.
I've memorized the names and faces of all the first-years just in case, but...
Hey!
Some first-years are heading our way!
I'm Nanase Tsubasa of Class 1-D.
And this is my classmate...
Hosen.
Freshmen don't usually come to an upperclassman's floor uninvited.
I respect your boldness.
You respect it, huh?
You think you're better than us?
Get your head outta your ass, freshman punk.
He's Academic Achievement E+.
You're as dumb as you look, then, huh?
What was that?!
Figures, though. Class D are probably the only ones who'd come out to meet us.
That suits us fine.
What is that supposed to mean?
Your Class D's a group of failures.
You're not gonna make any decent pairings unless we come to you.
So since you're all stupid and useless, we figured we'd lend a helping hand.
You get what I'm saying, right?
You want us to partner with you, then?
That's quite a presumptuous way of asking.
You're the ones who should be asking.
Go on, get on all fours and beg us to pair up with you.
You bastard—
You seem to be under a misapprehension.
As a fellow Class D, we're on even footing with you.
Even footing, huh?
You just don't get it.
We've got plenty of options if we want 'em.
We don't need to put up with bullshit, y'know?
They seem to have noticed the special weapon unique to the first-years.
Just what method do you expect to use?
You get it, right?
We've got a way to force the scores down.
What? Gimme a damn break!
If you slack off on the test, your ass is expelled!
Yeah, if we do it by slacking off.
But we can refuse to pair up until the day of the test
and force a penalty that way.
Since only second-years can be expelled, that hurts you way more than us.
Even if you aren't expelled,
Yeah, but that's a small price compared to the one you'll pay.
Right?
Yes. A three-month loss of private
I don't see it as a fatal issue.
You get the situation now?
Get your head outta your ass.
Keep your head, Sudo-kun.
You know how things work at this school, don't you?
Yeah, fine.
Guess there's not much muscle on that big frame.
I barely even touched you.
You son of a—
What are you doing?!
Ishizaki!
The cockroaches keep comin' outta the woodwork.
You'd better back off the smack talk on the second-years!
If you want to get out of here alive, you should lay off, Ishizaki.
Wh-Why are you stopping me?
I know you very well.
Hosen... you're quite a celebrity back home.
Y-You've heard of him, Ryuen-san?
Though I didn't expect him to look like such a slack-jawed fool.
Fancy meeting you here.
I've heard more than I ever cared to about you.
But I didn't think the legendary Ryuen would be such a scrawny little weakling.
And I can see you're all muscle, right up to the contents of your skull.
I tried a few times to head up your way and murder your ass,
but you got scared and hid out, I guess.
You were lucky.
If you'd actually found me,
you wouldn't be able to run your mouth like this now.
How about we settle all the trash talk right now?
Let's not.
I can't see what I'd gain from a fistfight with a gorilla.
You're not going to defend us from the first-years at all?
We can finish this anytime, after all.
Hey, come back and play, Ryuen.
Nah, I don't think so.
In that case...
Just try and get her free!
C'mon, spectators! You can try me all at once!
Are you insane?
Damn it!
Hosen-kun, stop it now.
The upperclassmen are conscious of the security cameras.
Going on a rampage here won't accomplish anything.
Yeah, I know. I'm just playin' around.
If you insist on being reckless, I'll take actions of my own.
Perhaps I'll make a certain something common knowledge.
Threatening me takes guts, Nanase.
But if you disappoint me, you'll pay for it.
When that happens, I'll be prepared for it.
What's this all about, Hosen?
Fighting shouldn't be done in the streets.
This doesn't qualify as a fight.
Let's go, Nanase.
That seems wise.
I'm ready to pair up when you're ready to grovel, Ryuen-paisen.
Unfortunately, I don't pair up with wild gorillas.
What a shame.
See ya, Horikita.
I'm sorry for the trouble.
She was sizing me up.
Hey, could you calm down?
I am calm.
I just don't understand how he got a perfect score.
It shouldn't even be possible.
Were the questions really that hard?
We're not just talking "hard."
They were far beyond what any high schooler should be learning!
In other words, they weren't meant to be solved.
I've been thinking.
You think maybe Ayanokoji's not on the level?
It's possible!
Maybe he cheated to get the answers in advance—
Hang on.
There's not a damn bit of evidence that Ayanokoji did anything wrong.
Don't pin that crap on a guy when he's not even here.
What's with you, Ken? You're on Ayanokoji's side now?
It's not about picking sides.
I just think it's more likely that he got that perfect score under his own power.
But on Ayanokoji's OAA, his Academic Achievement was even lower than mine.
So maybe he was slacking off before, like Koenji does.
Let's calm down, everyone.
There's a lot we don't know just yet.
And Sudo-kun, isn't it time for your practice?
Y-Yeah. Guess it is.
I've gotta get going, too.
Sorry, but could you stay here with Keisei?
Yeah. See you later, Miyacchi.
#5 The Twenty-Million Man
It seems you finished your talk with the acting chairman.
I suppose.
You've become rather famous.
I'm not pleased about it, but I considered it a necessary measure.
But how will you explain this to your classmates?
I'm about to start dealing with it now.
Be prepared for an interrogation.
Hey.
How did you get a perfect score in math?
Not even Ichinose or Sakayanagi did that well.
You're the only one in the whole year.
Regarding that...
I'll explain.
I was asking Kiyotaka.
True.
But I think I'm the one with the answer you're seeking.
Do you remember how Ayanokoji-kun's desk and mine
were next to each other when we first arrived?
When we were talking, it came up that he was actually academically gifted.
across the board since he arrived here.
That's because I asked him to hold back.
Why would you do that?
To reserve his talents for when they were needed.
Call it an ace in the hole, perhaps.
It's hard to believe.
Wouldn't high scores from the start have been better for the class?
Superlative students will be seen by other classes as a threat.
They might try to eliminate him sooner or later.
You thought he'd be putting a target on his back?
Yes.
And indeed, Ayanokoji-kun was
targeted by Sakayanagi-san during the class vote test.
Then why did he reveal his skills now?
Over the course of a year, Class D has become far more united.
We're able to make proper decisions, as well.
Even if someone were to target Ayanokoji-kun now,
we would be able to work together to protect him.
That's why I decided to reveal his ability and raise up our class baseline.
I understand your strategy.
Is math the only field he's excellent in?
I can't tell you that at this time.
Either way, hiding the truth will
make him a greater thorn in the other classes' sides.
That makes sense! I really understand what you're saying.
They won't know how to deal with someone whose stats they don't fully know.
And if his own classmates don't know, they can't hit us up for information.
Yes. It's best to convince them he's an unknown quantity.
I'm sure the other classes will be reeling from the revelation.
That's the explanation behind Ayanokoji-kun's perfect score.
I'm sorry for shocking you.
You're just going to leave without saying a word?
Why didn't you tell us about what you did today?
You can't trust us, is that it?
I understand why you're angry.
You were all very kind in teaching me.
I'm sorry.
To be honest, I'm still mad about it.
But we've been in the group for a long time, so there are other things I know.
Like that you're not a bad person.
Thank you, Keisei.
H-How about you shake hands... and make up?
Yeah, that's a great idea!
There, all friends again!
And to celebrate the reunion, after Miyacchi's practice is over,
let's meet up at Keyaki Mall!
Ayanokoji-kun!
Meeting someone?
I'm getting dinner with my friends.
I saw your test results. That was amazing!
Your OAA from last year didn't suggest you were capable of that.
I discussed it with a classmate and decided to hide my math skills.
So you were just hiding it before?
You seem to be a more troublesome opponent than I thought.
Kanzaki-kun, don't talk about him like that.
It's natural for all the classes to have their own strategies.
Ayanokoji-kun's not our enemy.
They've already dissolved our alliance.
Class 2-D is unavoidably our enemy.
That's enough, Kanzaki-kun.
Yes, I suppose I've lost my cool.
I'm heading off.
Sorry about that.
He's a little stressed, under the circumstances.
We've dropped to Class C, you know?
I realize we need to toughen up already...
But...
Do you remember what I said before?
Yeah. To keep going with my classmates to the end.
Moving forward, you may find some students don't like how you do things.
They may even betray your class.
No matter what happens, I hope you keep prioritizing
the trust and protection of your comrades as you fight.
No worries there.
I'll always protect my classmates.
Even if it happens that someone in my class has to go away...
I'll make sure I'm the first to go.
I'm relieved to hear that you're so determined,
but I do have one complaint.
Complaint?
I won't allow you to be expelled.
W-Well... r-right. I'll definitely stay.
W-Well, I've got to go.
Right.
Yesterday was rough, huh?
So it was Suzune's idea for you to hide that big brain of yours?
Yeah.
Yosuke said that you defended me?
I wouldn't go that far. I just stated the facts.
Are we keeping your fighting skills a secret, too?
I don't know what you mean.
Don't play dumb.
You were at least as good as Hosen back there.
Just how amazing are you, really?
How amazing?
Nah... forget I asked.
It doesn't matter until I see it for myself anyway.
You're not angry that I didn't tell you?
Well... at first, I thought it was pretty crazy.
But I'm focused on making myself better right now.
Doesn't matter to me what anyone else does.
Oh, I know.
You and Suzune—
We're not dating.
O-Oh. Cool.
Crap, we'd better hurry!
Your smart thinking really helped me out.
Allow me to thank you again.
You certainly owe me one.
We should discuss the 20-million point reward for having you expelled, though.
It's an absolutely absurd concept for a special test.
Did the school really approve it?
It's possible someone's put a bounty on my head to rile up the first-years.
Someone with the ability to pay that much,
or to make the first-years think they could...
The student council president?
Could President Nagumo have set this up?
I'm not sure. I can't imagine why he'd hate me that much.
President Nagumo saw my brother as a rival,
but my brother was only interested in you.
It wouldn't surprise me
if he had complicated feelings about that, like I did.
I won't say it's a perfect opportunity,
but I'm going to meet with President Nagumo
and see how he responds to me wanting to join the student council.
I see.
You wanted me to join the student council to keep an eye on President Nagumo,
but you want me to do more than keep an eye on him, don't you?
Your brother cared about maintaining tradition.
Nagumo is the opposite.
But I'm not judging the correctness of either approach.
Part of me does want to see Nagumo's reforms.
If that's all you want, why force me to join the student council?
If Nagumo does start moving things in a disadvantageous direction,
we'll need someone to stop him, won't we?
There are parts of this that I don't like, but it serves my ends, as well.
Well, will you join me?
Join you?
Yes. If President Nagumo is behind the bounty on your head,
your presence might trigger a reaction.
All right.
Talk to me? Why?
I realize your time is valuable, so I'll get right to the point.
I would like to join the student council.
That's an unexpected turn of events.
It makes me hesitant to simply say yes.
I thought you'd take all the help you could get?
You're a special case, Horikita Suzune.
Tell me why you want to join the student council now.
I've had friction with my brother in the past.
I joined this school to try to clear that up.
But even after I came here, our relationship didn't change.
In the year before he graduated, I never even had a proper conversation with him.
So you finally made peace?
Yes, at the very end.
And for the first time, I became curious about the student council,
to which he devoted his student life.
I took the long way getting there,
but I now want to walk the same road that he did.
The road your brother walked, eh?
So you intend to become student council president eventually?
Yes. I intend to become student council president.
I see.
But Honami has been working hard for a year as a student council executive.
You realize you'll have a lot of ground to make up?
I don't think that will be an impossible task.
Horikita—I don't really want to call you that.
May I call you Suzune?
As you wish.
Honami being my
only executive out of the second-years has been a bit of a problem.
Welcome to the student council.
I'll work you hard, Suzune.
I expect it.
Show me that you're not just talk, all right?
I'm Kiriyama, the vice president.
A pleasure.
Will you be joining the student council as well, Ayanokoji?
I'll pass.
I'm not a student council kind of person.
That's what I thought you'd say.
By the way, we've gotten past the initial rush of student council work.
I'll be spending more time with the underclassmen starting in summer.
We'll have a lot of fun to look forward to.
You're making me coffee? Where did this come from?
It's harder with your hurt hand, right?
Yeah.
I meant to ask when I saw you,
but you've got a lot to make up for, y'know?
Where did that come from?
Now that you got that perfect score in math,
it's even harder to bring up the fact that we're dating.
I see.
I don't like it.
I feel like people will think I'm dating you as a status thing.
Is that bad?
I won't go that far, but...
Dating a pretty girl is like a status thing for boys, isn't it?
It feels absurd to say you shouldn't pursue that.
Y-You think I'm pretty?
You think that I'd date someone who wasn't?
I-I think you're really handsome, too, Kiyotaka...
Wait just a minute.
O-Okay...
Senpai! It's me!
How's your hand?
I got super worried, so I had to come and check on you!
Won't you be a sweetie and take this off?
It's late. Can we do this tomorrow?
You didn't forget what you offered in exchange
for me partnering with Sudo-senpai, did you?
Sorry, but my pantry is bare at the moment.
Aw, no way! Talk about rotten luck...
You're not alone, are you?
What makes you think that?
Because I've been watching.
I've watched Karuizawa-senpai ever since she got back to the dorms.
You're busted, okay? So you'd better not try to lie to me.
I've been nice enough to keep it a secret, too...
But maybe I should spill the beans?
You weren't up to anything, I hope.
O-Of course not!
And why are you here?!
Here I thought you were involved in illicit romantic dealings...
You know, pervy stuff!
That's forbidden by the rules.
Oh, those rules don't really mean anything.
You can even buy this stuff at the shops.
A little present from me to you.
Or maybe... an apology?
What do you need to apologize for?
Oh, you!
That wound on your hand...
You know I was part of that, right? I was working with Hosen-kun.
She was?
Ayanokoji-senpai, I think you might have the wrong idea about me.
The wrong idea?
I'm not your enemy.
That seems hard to believe.
Why is that?
Because I filled Hosen-kun with ideas about how to get you expelled?
W-Wait a minute!
What do you mean, you tried to get him expelled?!
Oh, you haven't told your girlfriend, huh?
What about the 20-million point bounty?
The 20-million what?
You should ask your boyfriend to fill you in later.
Right, Senpai?
You learned about the plan when we went shopping together.
Because I was so confident in picking out the knife...
Right?
You're saying you set that up so that I would realize?
That's very kind of you.
I didn't want you expelled for the bounty without giving you a fighting chance.
That would just be mean.
Her mind moves at incredible speeds.
She certainly could be the White Room student.
But what would it benefit her to reveal her true nature?
Well, I've made my apology, so I guess I'll get going.
Use these groceries however you'd like!
What in the world?!
Oh, you want me to stay?
A-Actually... I'd rather you didn't.
I'll just be going, then!
We haven't had another test since the one at the end of April.
I haven't noticed any attempts by the White Room student to target me, either.
Good morning, Ayanokoji-senpai.
Hey. Morning.
Is there something up there?
No.
I was just gazing at the blue sky.
I haven't seen you in a while.
Yes, I'm sorry about that.
I felt bad about what I put you through.
Do you resent me?
I see no reason to resent you.
You had a special test to have me expelled, right?
Is the test over now?
No, it's still on.
It lasts until the second term starts.
Are you curious about why neither Hosen-kun nor I have come after you?
I would be lying if I said I wasn't.
The last incident made me realize it would be impossible
to take you out with a plan based on our day-to-day lives.
So you're waiting for a special test that involves inter-year interaction?
I hear there was a first-year who got expelled over the special test.
Yes. A boy was expelled from Class 1-C.
A friend from this school I was laughing with until yesterday...
Gone, just like that.
It's made me realize anew how important it is to take nothing for granted.
I intend to live a school life I won't regret.
Ayanokoji-senpai...
I hope you can live a school life without regret, as well.
I'm glad to see you all here.
I'm going to explain about our upcoming summer vacation.
For eight days and seven nights,
you'll be able to enjoy summer vacation on this luxury liner.
No special tests will occur on the ship.
However, in order to enjoy the trip,
you will need to survive the next special test.
When does the special test start?
Normally, it would be any day now,
but this particular special test will take place over summer break.
You'll compete in a deserted island survival game.
So? According to Nanase, you want my class's help.
Not quite.
I told her I'm willing to work with your class.
No hierarchy. An alliance of equals.
Gotcha.
So you're not gonna bring up the fact that you're a year ahead of us.
Smart of you not to try playing the senpai card.
I recognize that there are
a significant number of first-years who don't care if their classmates struggle.
But moving forward, you'll inevitably reach a point when you'll need their aid.
"So let's work together to make sure no one fails"?
Okay to assume that you're Class 2-D's leader?
You're free to see things that way.
Then as leader, I'll give you a warning.
I didn't come here to work with you under your so-called "equality."
What are you hoping for, then?
Did you think I would
Yeah. Damn straight you'll pay.
That's the only way this goes anywhere.
I'm afraid I must repeat myself.
My proposal is an alliance of equals.
It would be inappropriate for either side to offer payment to the other.
In that case...
I guess I'll just be going, then.
#4 To Whom the Blade Turns
Wait!
Hosen-kun, I think you should listen to what Horikita-senpai has to say.
Don't see why I should bother.
I do.
At this rate, our class will be unable to unify.
What are you, stupid?
There's not a damn thing I get out of agreeing to her offer.
I don't think your strategy is a bad one—
intentionally staying neutral and passing on early negotiations
to give us a better negotiating position.
Tell me one thing I get out of working with Horikita here.
Trust.
Trust, huh?
Bunch of head-in-the-clouds bullshit, if you ask me.
If you turn the second-years against you now,
and a similar test comes up in the future,
we may end up unable to secure partners,
You think I'm scared of eating the penalty for that?
I'm sure the penalty itself wouldn't be a problem.
But what if the partner you end up with intentionally does poorly?
You wouldn't be able to avoid expulsion.
You think someone here has the balls to get expelled to take me down?
In this school, it seems there's a
Yes, they're a special kind of point that allows you
to nullify expulsion a single time.
If the partner you end up with has a protection point,
they could excise you from the school without any risk to themselves.
Which means it's best to establish trust now, while we can.
I get it.
You idiots rubbed a couple brain cells together
to figure out a way to threaten me.
Sorry to ruin your sad excuse for a plan,
but I'm not doing anything as equals.
What do you expect to do, then?
We won't change our perception of our classes as equals.
Yeah, you made that clear.
But I don't think we'd actually be equal at all.
If you're so sure, then for my reference, what is it that you propose?
Hand it over to me as collateral.
If I need your help for something later, I'll gladly pay it all back.
If "trust" is so important to you,
that's not such a big ask, is it?
Hosen skillfully got his offer on the table.
He's more than just a musclehead.
Like Ryuen, he's capable of rather devious scheming.
I acknowledge the logic of your proposal.
But I can't agree to those terms.
Gotcha. Too bad.
I thought I'd be generous and toss you a lifeline,
but I guess we've hit a roadblock again.
It appears so.
You son of a—
Don't do it, Sudo-kun!
What do you expect me to do?!
If you're that upset about reaching an impasse,
you should have come up with a better idea.
Let's go.
You sure about this?!
Are you sure about this, Hosen-kun?
Hold up.
I won't change my position as long as you insist on making unreasonable demands.
Fine, gotcha.
I'll order my class to pair up with yours.
Two million.
Two million?
You've shown your true colors.
It's the only way for your class to avoid expulsion.
You won't gain anything by cheaping out.
This is getting us nowhere.
Fine, fine. I'll consider your offer.
That's quite a sudden change of heart.
Why wouldn't I try to squeeze out the best terms for myself first?
Then you'll accept my terms for an alliance of equals?
Yeah. Let's talk it out, no more violence.
But people might see us here.
Let's go somewhere else.
Very well. I'll give you ten minutes.
Gotcha. I'll show you to the spot.
Our offer on the table hasn't changed.
Yeah, so mine is...
Three million.
Hand it straight to me, and I'll save you dumb assholes right now.
You're screwing with us!
Nah, I'm dead serious.
I wouldn't have reopened negotiations otherwise.
It was a mistake to even entertain this.
Suzune!
What are you—
Let's see how much fight you've got in you.
You're on.
I won't hold back against an asshole who'd hurt Suzune!
What... What do you think you're doing?!
Horikita-senpai.
I believe things at this school have changed a bit from how they were before.
We first-years know the current situation better than you do.
What are you talking about?
A few representatives of the first-years received
an explanation directly from President Nagumo—
that, this year, he was going to make the school even more of a meritocracy.
That's ridiculous!
He's even allowing fights between students?!
Hey, Sudo. Have a look at Horikita over there.
She looks pretty damn pissed.
Y-You...
He has far more real-life fighting experience than Sudo.
I see. That's why even Ryuen didn't want to get physical with him.
So...
You wanna go strength for strength?
Fighting like this isn't helping anyone!
Does Hosen really think he can gain the upper hand through sheer violence?
No, I don't think he's that stupid.
Then by starting this fight...
What does Hosen hope to accomplish?
Well, your big, strong bodyguard is down for the count.
Did you think you could break our spirits with violence?
I'm gonna beat you down so hard,
you'll be begging me to let you sign an agreement.
Very well. Then I'll stop you myself.
Ain't that something?
If you wanna show me what you've got...
I'll be happy to see it!
Pretty nice moves, I gotta say!
S-Suzune!
Hey, Horikita.
Let's make an agreement.
You give me five million.
Then all of this ends.
Th-This is absurd.
Ayanokoji-kun, call the teachers!
Wouldn't do that if I were you.
Unless you want her injuries to get way worse.
Horikita, I'm giving you one last chance.
Agree to my terms and get
or I'll kill Ayanokoji.
What in the world are you...
If you don't agree, I'll skewer Ayanokoji.
And that's on the light end of
That's enough!
I've made up my mind! I refuse to accept your methods!
Clear out, Nanase. I'm doing this.
I'm sorry, Horikita-senpai.
You were never going to be able to make an agreement with Hosen-kun.
You came up with the alliance idea based on the things Hosen-kun said to you.
But it was all just bait to get you here.
Shut your damn mouth already.
If I take down Ayanokoji, our class gets a huge deposit.
You know how far that'll put us ahead.
That's true.
But I haven't yet determined
if Ayanokoji-senpai is worthy of being targeted that way!
You think I give a damn what you think?
If you're gonna try to stop me, you can get the hell out!
Now...
Let's go, Ayanokoji!
You... Ayanokoji...
This knife—this petty knife— is the one that I bought.
What're you talking about?
You'd lure us out here and escalate things into a fight.
After seeing my classmates hurt, I'd fly into a rage
and stab you with a knife I happened to bring with me.
That's the sequence of events you wanted to paint, right?
That's not how you hold a knife when you want to stab someone else.
You even turned the blade upside-down so it would look like I stabbed you.
And after figuring that out, you were crazy enough to come let me stab you?
It was the best way to get you to stop.
Besides, you did the same thing.
You expected to leave this fight badly injured.
It seems there's some kind of special test in play here,
issued only to certain members of the first-year class.
And the object of that test...
is to get me expelled.
How'd you know this was your knife?
I've done some investigating of my own.
As of yesterday,
I was the only one who'd bought a knife of this particular make.
What the hell?
Who the hell are you?!
What to do now, then?
Even if it is my knife, you're the one who stabbed me.
If you can't talk your way out of this, you'll be expelled, Hosen.
So you planned that part out, too...
Ayanokoji!
A-Are you all right?
I'm fine.
How much did you know?
My suspicions first arose when I went shopping at the mall with Amasawa.
Amasawa-san? She's involved in this?
Yes. A clerk there saw another student stop Hosen from buying the same knife.
You're the one who thought up the general plan,
but Amasawa's the one who refined it.
She knew it would be best if the knife used was one I'd bought myself.
And her coming to my apartment
to find her hair tie was a convenient excuse to steal the knife.
She was careful not to get her fingerprints on it
before giving it to you.
It was a damn mistake to work with a woman I barely knew.
No, Amasawa's the reason your plan got this far.
It would have fallen apart much sooner without her.
Hosen, I'm willing to keep this just between us.
The hell do you mean by that?
In exchange, I have two requests.
One, I want the Class Ds to form an alliance on equal footing.
Two, I want you to be my partner on the upcoming special test.
Hosen is my ideal partner.
It's hard to imagine
a White Room student being willing to attract so much attention.
Nice, nice work, Ayanokoji-senpai.
I've never gone toe-to-toe with someone who excited me like this.
I can see it wouldn't be any fun to beat you into line with my fists.
I'll kill you sooner or later, so look forward to that.
The next Monday, Nanase and Horikita negotiated an equal alliance,
and all partnerships were established.
We completed the special test without issue,
the results were announced.
Special Test  Results
Math
Class D
Ayanokoji Kiyotaka
Horikita Suzune
Yukimura Teruhiko
Wang Mei-yu
Ishikura Kayoko
I won't make excuses.
As frustrating as it is,
I've been forced to acknowledge your superiority twice in a row.
I admit defeat.
More importantly, regarding Nanase-san...
So your friendly advances toward us were all part of the act?
I really did want to work with you, Horikita-senpai.
However...
The plan to take down Ayanokoji-senpai was still the priority.
Why would you do that?
"Ayanokoji Kiyotaka of Class 2-D."
"Any student responsible for expelling him
will be awarded
That is the special test we were given.
What the hell is that?
Who issued such a ridiculous test?
I've told you what you need to know.
Ayanokoji-senpai will know
to be extremely cautious around first-years aside from us.
I'm going to need more than that from you!
You hurt Ayanokoji—
It's fine.
What she's told us about the situation is more than enough.
Still, that's not the only reason I helped Hosen-kun.
I also didn't believe
that Ayanokoji-senpai was worthy of this school.
If what she said is true...
There you are, Ayanokoji.
I'll head back for now.
We'll speak another day about our test score agreement.
How can I help you?
Acting Chairman Tsukishiro wants to see you.
April has reached its end.
Have you figured out which is the student who was sent here?
Unfortunately not.
You admitted that very easily.
I don't want to make any declarations unless I'm sure.
I see.
That means they've integrated very well.
I haven't sensed the unique presence of a White Room student.
They've covered their scent completely.
These last few months, they've been put through a curriculum
to blend in perfectly with high school students, I'm told.
The fact that you couldn't identify them at a glance...
I'll count that as a victory for now.
You're free to leave now.
Did you encounter unexpected trouble with them?
What makes you think that?
You wanted the White Room student to have me expelled,
but they didn't follow through.
That's the only explanation I can think of.
That's certainly an interesting theory.
Very well. I admit it.
The student in question ignored the plan I laid out for them.
Be careful, Ayanokoji-kun.
The choice to bring the White Room student here...
was not my decision.
There's a chance the higher-ups are plotting something.
Tsukishiro and the White Room student aren't a united front, then.
Or was that another lie to throw me off?
And if that student is ignoring even your father's directives,
a day may come when you wish you had settled for expulsion.
The jealousy and hatred the student feels toward you,
the White Room's masterpiece, are unrelenting.
What will they do to you if left to their own devices?
I shudder just thinking about it.
Deserted Island Survival Days July 19: Set out July 20-August 3: Special test August 4-10: Cruise (free time) August 11: Return, activity ends Cards All students will receive one of the following eight kinds of cards at random. Cards can only be traded to students of the same year in different classes. (No trade-backs allowed) Basic Cards Halve: Halves private point penalties inflicted on the holder. Bandwagon: Holder designates a group at the start of the test. Half of private point rewards earned by that group... Insurance: Gives holder a single day to recover in case of ill health that would otherwise force a drop-out. Special Cards Reinforcement: Holder can exist as the seventh person in a group. Male/female ratio...
What makes this different from last year's version is the scale.
In addition to the testing period being longer,
the island we'll be using is bigger, as well.
And as all class years will be competing at once,
the number of opponents will be the greatest in school history.
I can't reveal all the rules at this particular moment in time,
but in the upcoming special test,
you'll be able to form large groups of up to six to cooperate.
These large groups will be based on small groups.
transferred from the years of the bottom three groups. regardless of number of members. (Rounded) Rules -Group composition: Groups of up to three people (*up to four for first-years) must be formed by 7/16. -Classes and members: Small groups must be of students from the same year, but not necessarily the same class. -Male-Female ratio: If a group is mixed-gender, at least 2/3 of the group must be girls. -Large group formation: After the special test begins, large groups of up to six people can be formed. -Large group conditions: Large groups consisting of four or more people must contain at least 50% girls. - Drop-outs and penalties: If all members of a group are unable to continue the test and drop out, they will fail the test and receive a penalty.
Think carefully about what kind of group you want to form.
What did you want to talk to me about, Koenji?
#6 A Tumultuous Scramble
I believe you've neglected a crucial point, Teacher.
A crucial point?
If a student decides to take the special test alone,
and they're not feeling well that day...
What happens then?
A ridiculous question.
Last year, you dropped out due to illness.
But this year, there will be no special treatment.
Your penalty will be to
You don't have enough to pay that.
What will you do? Prioritize your freedom and be expelled?
I suppose we'll find out.
You're free to go now, Teacher.
By the way...
Do you have business with me, Ayanokoji, my boy?
You seem to excel at hiding things.
But from you, I cannot ascertain what is truth and what is lies.
I do not trust the words of a person like that.
You don't seem like the kind of person to trust anyone.
True enough.
So, how are you going to approach the upcoming test?
A fine question.
There's no harm in asking— will you allow me to join your group?
I'm afraid not.
There's too much on the line to involve someone
who's sure to drop out on the first day.
I see. I cannot object to that.
Are you sure you can afford to think that way?
I'll think very carefully about how to surmount this until the day comes.
Deserted Island Survival Test Notes.PDF Rules -Group composition: Groups of up to three people (*up to four for first-years) must be formed by 7/16. -Classes and members: Small groups must be of students from the same year, but not necessarily the same class. -Male-Female ratio: If a group is mixed-gender, at least 2/3 of the group must be girls. -Large group formation: After the special test begins, large groups of up to six people can be formed. -Large group conditions: Large groups consisting of four or more people must contain at least 50% girls. - Drop-outs and penalties: If all members of a group are unable to continue the test and drop out, they will fail the test and receive a penalty.
Forming groups of the most talented people in the year
to aim for the top spots could mitigate risk,
but it won't change the class point differentials.
Working within your class is high-risk
so it's a chance to make progress against them.
But what if the other classes work together without us?
I wonder how Sakayanagi-san, Ryuen-kun, and Ichinose-san will approach it.
Class A is so far ahead,
all they'll want is to keep anyone from gaining on them.
So what about a three-class alliance?
Classes B through D could work together to close the gap.
The enemy of the enemy is my friend, you mean?
A reasonable idea.
But if we propose the idea of isolating Class A,
Sakayanagi-san will likely retaliate.
It would be nice if one of the other classes would make the offer instead.
It seems they've made their move already.
I've ordered the others not to form groups just yet.
Have you heard from Ichinose?
I would expect her to propose a full second-year collaboration.
Not at the moment.
If she wanted all the second-year students working together,
I would expect her to be putting feelers out already.
In this year's island survival game...
Would it be possible to ask you to take first on your own?
Don't be ridiculous.
The only thing we know now is that it's a special test on a deserted island.
I thought you might not even need a group.
If we can take first place,
we're guaranteed to gain on the competition.
Then we can focus on group formations to prevent expulsion.
Students in the bottom five groups will be penalized with expulsion, after all.
Yes.
We can't make point transfers once the test has started,
to the at-risk students as possible,
to are hit with the penalty,
the consequences will be terrible.
They'll have to do what they can to survive on their own.
Can I talk with you again sometime?
I'll do what I can.
That's all I ask.
Thank you.
Hey.
Hello there, Ayanokoji-kun!
This is an unusual pairing.
I have a bad feeling about this. Can I just go home?
Ishizaki...
You didn't answer our text, so we came to you.
Can we talk?
You want me...
to pair up with you?
Me, Albert, or Shiina...
Just work with someone from Class B!
In other words, you want me to join Class B?
Yeah!
Is there some benefit to me in that?
It's not a bad deal for you at all, man.
If we make it to Class A,
and welcome you into our class.
I want that, too!
Yes.
Is Ryuen behind this offer?
Or was this your idea, Ishizaki?
It was my idea!
Ryuen-san doesn't know about it.
Have you considered what will happen if he finds out?
Of course not! I can't afford to!
That's part of going for it.
What matters in the special test is to
In order to place in the top three, we'll need you, Ayanokoji-kun.
I understand your proposal.
You'll work with us, then?!
I appreciate the offer,
but I can't agree at this stage.
How come?!
I think we need to offer better conditions.
Besides, to place at the top of the island survival game,
the best group would be Ryuen-kun, Kaneda-kun, and Ayanokoji-kun together.
We need to get Ryuen-kun involved.
There's no way!
You really think Ryuen-san would agree to my plan?
I doubt he'd be enthusiastic, no.
For now, let's be satisfied that we were able to convey
our idea to Ayanokoji-kun.
Fine, I get it.
I don't know if I can meet your expectations,
but I'll give it some thought.
Hey, Shinohara!
What do you want?
Um, you know...
Have you figured out who you're partnering with yet?
No. Why do you ask?
O-Oh, no reason! Just figured I'd ask!
Oh, really?
You'll be with Sudo-kun and Hondo-kun regardless, right?
What's wrong with that?!
I'll have more fun with those guys anyway!
Yes, I'm sure.
But while I'm sure those guys could figure it out without me...
I'd be happy to lend you a hand if you needed it, so...
If you need some help, y'know...
I'd be willing to group up with you, y'know?
What's this all about?
You want to be in a group with me?
D-Don't get the wrong idea, okay?!
Look, you could actually get expelled over this, right?!
So, as an expression of my kindness,
I'm willing to take the hit and keep you safe!
What do you mean, "take the hit"?
I never asked you.
Good morning, Ike-kun!
Do you have a minute?
Yeah, I've got nothing better to be doing right now!
Kobashi-san from Class C wants to invite you to join her group.
Would you be willing to discuss it with her?
You mean it?! Heck yeah, I'm on my way right now!
But you were talking to Shinohara-san just now, weren't you?
You really want to go?
It's fine by me.
He wouldn't stop blabbing at me, and it was so annoying.
Take him wherever you want.
I'm the one who's annoyed right now!
C'mon, let's go!
I guess someone else needs me, huh?!
Satsuki.
Komiya-kun...
Ayanokoji-kun.
You're in deep trouble.
You actually drew the "Trial" card.
Eight types of cards with special effects,
distributed to students for the test...
Trial: awarded in the special test by 50%. However, if not in the top 30% of groups, your group will receive a penalty.
In exchange for increasing our
you'll suffer a penalty if you don't place in the top 30%.
I doubt anyone would trade for that card.
It looks like you'll have no choice but to aim for a high placement.
I'm afraid I could also get rid of it if I find someone who wants to trade.
It's up to you which you choose.
I just hope you can find someone who wants it in the first place.
And just so you know, I was being sarcastic.
I'll bet.
Punishment for what you put me through every day.
I'm not trying to "put you through" anything.
Hey, you—
You found a partner?!
Yeah. That a problem?
But I invited you just the other day!
And we're not supposed to partner up until Horikita says so!
I don't need permission for a handshake agreement.
Though I fully intend to make it official today.
Who did you partner up with?!
Komiya-kun from Class B.
What?! Komiya?!
That playboy from the basketball team?!
He's not a playboy.
We're going to discuss it at the café after class.
I'm so glad you're willing to partner with me.
Thanks for asking!
What's the status?
It doesn't seem like the worst case possible,
but he seems really depressed about it.
I'd like to avoid a situation
where Ike can't meet his potential due to Shinohara.
What should we do?
He doesn't seem about to go off the rails,
so we can probably wait and watch for now.
Yeah.
I'd like to look more into Komiya's motives for inviting Shinohara.
I'll think up who Ike-kun can partner with instead.
Please do.
You don't seem too surprised.
Did you realize I was following you?
I just tend not to show my surprise.
What were you talking to Hirata-kun about?
Ike-kun? Because of the island test?
Is that any of your business?
Don't put up those defenses.
There's just something I figured I should tell you ASAP, so I reached out.
What's that?
The Trial card is a tough one, huh?
If you have any trouble, I'd be happy to help you out.
You think that the two of us
working together would give the greatest chance of survival?
You could tell?
I thought if I didn't hurry, you might get sold out.
I won't form my group until the month is out, at least.
I'd like to see what other classes are up to first.
Got it. So there's nothing I can say at the moment.
Think about it, though.
Here. My personal contact info.
See ya!
Hey!
You ready to join us?
Sorry, but this is about something else.
You want my advice, then?
So you ran off to meet with Ayanokoji-kun, huh?
Hey, Nishino! I told you not to tag along!
You two are close, huh? Weird pairing.
You aren't listening!
This is why no one likes you!
I've got everything I need.
And I'm curious as to why you're meeting up in secret.
I wanted his advice about Komiya.
Komiya-kun?
I heard he wants to group up with Shinohara from our class.
I want to know what kind of person he is.
He's just a good guy, y'know?
Athletic, too!
Are they going out?
I-I dunno how to answer that...
Ishizaki's the last person to ask about romance.
And you're not?!
I'm better than you, at least.
They're not dating, but Komiya-kun has a crush on Shinohara-san for sure.
What? For real?
I guess he did mention liking a girl in another class...
But why are you worried about that?
Ike in our class has a crush on Shinohara.
Huh?
You really shouldn't get involved in other people's love lives.
Normally, I wouldn't.
But I can't ignore it when it concerns my class.
We need Ike at his best, after all.
Okay! I'll lend you a hand!
Ishizaki, are you serious?
You're, like, Komiya's best friend.
Still, I can't ignore Ayanokoji when he needs help!
So, what should I do?
Let's see...
Komiya wants to tell Shinohara how he feels while they're on the island.
Why not let him, then?
I was wondering what you wanted to talk to me about...
but I don't see why this is anyone's business.
I'm not sure.
Ike might slip up if he's distracted by the Shinohara business.
You think he could end up expelled due to heartbreak?
I can't say it's not a possibility.
That would be extremely foolish.
What if Ike-kun tells her how he feels first?
Get the slate clear so he can focus on the test.
Does it work like that?
Despite all the fields in which you excel,
you seem utterly hopeless when it comes to love.
I'm learning a lot.
Very well.
You want me to guide Ike-kun and Shinohara-san to end up together?
Yeah.
I'm afraid it might already be too late.
Advanced Nurturing High School Administration Announcement of Island Survival Game Group Formation Class 2-B  Komiya Kyogo Class 2-B  Kinoshita Minori Class 2-D  Shinohara Satsuki The listed members have formed a small group.
You're not going to pair with anyone? How come?
Being by myself will make me more flexible.
And taking first place by myself
You seem so confident, I feel like you might just do it...
If you take solo first place, I might pass out from happiness!
You'd be so awesome!
I wish you'd partner with me... and protect me, though.
There's a way to save you regardless.
Well, sure, that's a possibility...
But even in a six-person group,
each person would need a million
I don't have that much.
How many do you have now?
I've been saving up pretty well lately!
760,000 to make up, then.
Even if I gave her my entire stock of 250,000, she'd be 500,000 short.
Kei.
I'll get you the money.
S-Sure. Thanks.
The special test to have me expelled lasts until the start of the second term.
The next test might be the final battle for Tsukishiro and me.
If I grouped up with her and got her involved in my baggage,
the consequences would be severe.
So, what did you want to talk to me about?
I'll be blunt.
At the rate you're going, your class is unlikely
to return to Class B, let alone reach Class A.
That is pretty blunt.
Unfortunately, that's not all.
It seems to me that it's only a matter of time until you fall to Class D.
I understand why you feel that way.
But—
You're about to say something abstract like,
"We'll fight our way through with effort and friendship," right?
You won't be able to win like that.
I've seen no growth in your class as a whole.
That's...
That's not true!
Everyone's definitely growing!
It's clear as day from your OAA.
Your class has unquestionably had the slowest growth out of the four classes.
You've proven unable to show your full potential in unfavorable circumstances.
People like Ryuen-kun and me
are able to bare our fangs even when the odds are against us.
You stand no chance of victory as you are now.
I think that's an uncontroversial statement at this point.
You called me here to say that?
If I merely meant to chastise you, I wouldn't waste both our time.
Will you work with me, Ichinose-san?
It's the only way you can catch up with Class A.
I can't imagine what you'd get out of a partnership with us.
True. You have little to offer us in terms of competitive potential.
But you have a powerful weapon that no other class has.
Trust, of course.
I am confident that you will not betray me under any circumstances.
That is a crucial element when taking a partner.
You may not be able to catch up to us, but you can overtake Ryuen-kun's class
and put more distance between you and Class D.
Shouldn't your priority right now be to achieve stability?
Sakayanagi-san...
may I be honest with my opinion?
Of course.
I think you're just afraid of the other three classes teaming up against you.
We could certainly sabotage you if we all worked together.
If such an attempt were to succeed,
it would put you in a very bad spot moving forward.
Am I wrong?
It seems I may have underestimated you.
If you agree to work with me,
to prevent three people's expulsion.
As I know you do not wish to see anyone expelled,
I'm sure you'll find this a tempting offer.
What about five people's worth?
That would certainly let me rest easy.
How very greedy of you.
I expect to receive an amount similar to that very soon,
so I'll make the payment just for you.
You have a deal.
Ryuen-kun and Horikita-san are both fearsome opponents.
We're the ones who will take first place.
I'll do whatever it takes to make that happen.
You're the only one here so far, Yagami?
Hey, Utomiya-kun.
I had a feeling you'd be the Class C representative.
Though I'm not convinced I'm cut out for leadership.
I'm sure the others realized how responsible you were.
We've lost one of our own.
I take that loss extremely seriously.
I didn't expect Hatano-kun to get expelled, either.
It's a terrible shame.
Yes.
Do you think Hosen will come?
I'd give it 50-50 odds.
I'd bet on no.
Class D won't work with anyone
I think that's why he might come.
If he doesn't, we'll form our own group without Class D for sure.
Far from being in demand then, they'll be left out in the cold.
Hey, Riku, Takuya!
I knew it'd be you two.
They're still making you do all the dirty work, Osamu-kun?
Our leader hates the dirty work.
That makes me the fall guy.
We just waiting on Kazuomi?
Wouldn't it be better for us to work without him?
The deserted island test will require skills other than pure academics.
Class D may be the lowest-ranked class overall,
but they're first in Physical Ability by a narrow margin.
I think they could play a crucial role in group formation.
I get what you're saying, Riku.
Our Class A is annoyed about Kazuomi's
in exchange for cooperation, too.
But I don't think we should count them out just yet.
I acknowledge that Class D has a great deal to offer,
but I don't think it's worth trying to curry favor with Hosen.
Looks like you won't get your wish, Riku.
So you're ready to pay up, are you?
Is that supposed to be funny?
We're not paying you a single point.
#7 Plotting
Let's all settle down, now.
We can't negotiate if we start out at each other's throats.
Now that we're all here, let's get started, then.
I didn't say I was ready to start!
Hosen, I'm going to ask you to refrain from violence here.
Oh? You gonna stop me, then?
I will if I have to.
Sounds fun.
Show me what you can do, then!
This is ridiculous.
But if that's what you want, I'll respond in kind...
on the condition that you leave my classmates alone forever.
Hey, now, what's that supposed to mean?
I know who got Hatano expelled.
And you think it was me?
Who else could it be?
Calm down, you two!
Right now, we need to focus on the deserted island survival game.
Did I say I was here to talk about that?
Then did you just come here to kill time?
What if I did?
I refuse to believe you're that stupid.
Both the second- and third-years have been through this test before.
We need to recognize that we're at a severe disadvantage.
If we can't work together, they'll eat us all alive.
That's coward talk, Yagami.
I'm not afraid of the upperclassmen. I can crush 'em all.
Not everyone is as blessed as you are.
The fact of the matter is that first-years,
as a whole, are at a disadvantage.
I think it's necessary for first-years to work together
and make at least one powerful group of four.
A group of students who
can easily compete with the upperclassmen, like you said.
You're proposing that we don't
this time?
Yes. Unlike the upperclassman, who don't have much time before graduation,
we'll have more than enough time for that moving forward.
So we should abandon this
I'm not sure that's sufficient reason for us to team up with each other.
We'll have far more to lose if the upperclassmen trample us.
Wait a minute, Takuya.
Why just one group?
If the idea is to have groups meet up for the main event,
wouldn't it be better to have multiple strong groups?
You're right, of course.
But if we do that from the start, we risk dividing our power.
It's important to make the strongest possible group of four
that can definitely take first place.
Since the upperclassmen
can only have a maximum of three people from three classes working together.
And if we can take first place, we don't have to worry about the rest at all?
Even if Hosen-kun refuses and it's just our three classes,
we'll just use the same strategy as the other grade years.
We first-years are given the privilege
of forming small groups of up to four people.
It would be a waste to just throw that away.
So I want you to help me.
Sure, I'm willing to help out.
What are you up to, Hosen?
Why should I be up to something?
You made your cute little request for my help, and I'm willing to entertain it.
What are your conditions?
For the large group when we get there,
I want the two empty slots to be Class D students.
That's my must-have.
What?
But we still don't know if we'll get to choose our large groups or not.
I told you, that's my must-have.
I see. So if we can't let in two Class D students,
we'll have to complete the test with just the four.
Don't mess around, Hosen.
I'm not messing around.
If you don't like it, you can drop out.
You son of a...
Calm down, Utomiya-kun.
I think his conditions are acceptable.
Our priority should be unity between the four of us.
If we give him an inch now, he'll take a mile later.
And if we let Class D go now, you think that will change his attitude?
Well...
The most important thing now is that the first-years win this test.
We should set aside everything else.
I agree with him, Riku.
I understand how you feel, but first-year unity has to come first.
So as long as you get that, you're fine with anything else, Hosen?
Do what you want.
So, are we heading to Yukimoo's room?
I'm fine with it, but we're going to study, not hang out.
Yeah, I know.
Ayanokoji-kun!
Are you free for a minute?
What is it?
There's a first-year who wants to speak to you.
Do you think you'd be able to see them?
What's this, Kiyo-pon?
Think some little kohai has a crush on you?
I-Is that what it is?!
If it is, I'm afraid I can't give my blessing.
Is that what it is?
Well, it's actually a boy who wants to talk to you...
Sorry.
Seems fine to me.
It's good to make more inroads with the first-years.
Yeah. Since our group isn't exactly outgoing, either.
Y-Yes. It's fine with me if you go, then.
All right.
Looks like he's coming.
Let's wait here.
It seems like you've gotten close with the first-years already.
Huh? Well, it's already July.
We've had plenty of time.
I'm sure you've made a few friends among the first-years yourself!
I wouldn't go that far just yet.
R-Really?
Well, no need to rush, I suppose.
There's lots of time left!
Kushida-senpai!
This is the one who wanted to meet you. His name is Yagami-kun.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Ayanokoji-senpai.
Thank you for making time to speak with me.
You're in Class 1-B, right?
Yes!
I'm Yagami Takuya!
I actually have to tell you something.
Are you aware of the extremely limited special test that's been offered
to the first-years?
Um, I'm afraid I haven't heard anything about this...
Do you mind if I talk in front of her?
I have no right to stop you.
Soon after we came to the school, we got a communique from President Nagumo.
Whoever gets you expelled before
the second term begins will
What? You have to expel Ayanokoji-kun?
And 20 million... That's so much!
Is that really allowed?
I understand now that this was an extremely unusual special test.
I also have no interest in getting rewarded for sabotaging someone else,
so I have no intention of participating.
But why Ayanokoji-kun?
The president said he was chosen at random from the second-years.
But didn't it seem strange to have a special test that
wasn't officially issued by the school?
Acting Chairman Tsukishiro was present when the president told us about it.
It seemed like a legitimate setting in which to be issued a special test.
The acting chairman was there?
Yeah, I guess that does seem legitimate...
In attendance from Class 1-A were Takahashi Osamu-kun and Ishigami Kyo-kun.
From Class B, it was me.
From Class C, it was Utomiya Riku-kun.
And from Class D, it was Hosen Kazuomi-kun and Nanase Tsubasa-san.
What made you decide to tell me about it?
I heard that Hosen-kun took his chance at it, but failed.
And he did it in the most barbaric way possible.
I won't deny that.
One other thing.
I determined that if I don't act, it's possible that your classmate,
Kushida-senpai, could end up harmed, as well.
I appreciate the concern, but it could be dangerous for you to tell me this.
Will you be all right, Yagami-kun?
If this gets out...
It's okay, Kushida-senpai.
He didn't mention anything about penalties.
And I'm prepared to be hated by a certain segment of the first-years.
We'll have to fight the other classes sooner or later anyway.
Please be careful, Ayanokoji-senpai.
All right.
So, is there anyone you're particularly worried about?
Let me see.
Hosen-kun seems like the most likely subject,
but if I had to name one in particular...
No, I won't say it.
Why not? Now I'm curious!
If I give their name now, you'll put a target on their back.
As a fellow first-year, I don't think that would be fair.
And I'm not completely certain of their character yet.
During the upcoming special test, I want to see for myself
if they're dangerous or not.
You be careful now, Yagami-kun.
I will.
And... I'm okay to wait until after the test is over,
but I want to talk to you, Kushida-senpai.
Oh, okay.
I wonder what it could be about!
That's a fine kohai you've got.
Yeah. I'm really not worthy of him...
Not that I'm happy about it.
Yagami-kun knows about my past.
And?
I'll need to get rid of him soon.
Getting rid of a lowerclassman
will be harder than getting rid of me or Horikita.
That depends on how I go about it.
The smarter someone thinks they are, the more easily they're disposed of.
You and Horikita-san aren't exceptions.
I thought we had a truce.
Sure, I'll be a good girl for now!
See you later, Ayanokoji-kun!
Hey. Can we talk?
I'm sorry to approach you under these conditions.
What do you want to talk about?
It's about Hosen Kazuomi.
You've experienced his uncooperative attitude by now, I'm sure.
We want to deal him a blow during the survival game.
He doesn't have a lot of
If we force him to drop out early, he won't be able to pay the penalty.
So you want to get Hosen expelled?
Hell yes!
I mean, yes, that's correct.
Mind if I ask why?
Another member of Class 1-C, Hatano, was expelled.
I'm positive that Hosen was involved.
And you want revenge?
I would be lying if I said I didn't hold a grudge.
But the most important thing is to prevent any future expulsions.
Yeah. We lost a hundred
So, what does that have to do with me?
Hosen has refused to work with anyone outside his class.
But you partnered with him during the April test.
So you think I have special access to him?
Please help me.
It's hard to agree when we don't yet know what the test entails.
Then will you agree to consider the offer?
If we can eliminate Hosen early and get him expelled,
I'll pay you a considerable reward.
You haven't considered that I might be Hosen's ally?
Well...
That wound on your hand.
You got it in a fight with Hosen-kun, didn't you?
What makes you think that?
Because we were after the 20-million-point bounty, too.
I see.
Is that why you approached me that evening,
pretending to search for a partner?
That's right.
But I doubt you had a way
of getting just me expelled if I had agreed to work with you.
Don't know what to tell you there.
I apologize about that.
But we've withdrawn from that test.
Why?
Even if we did succeed at having you expelled,
that would quickly become known throughout the school.
We'd make an enemy of the entire Class 2-D.
Wouldn't getting Hosen expelled result in the same?
That seems doubtful.
I suspect more of his classmates will be glad to be rid of him.
Just keep it in mind, would you?
All we want is to see Hosen expelled.
Tick tock.
I really hate that noisy watch of yours.
Oh, shut up.
You don't know how much this watch is worth, do you?
I don't waste my time researching the prices of things I hate.
So, what did you want?
It's about the deserted island test.
Partner up with me, Amasawa.
You want my help, huh?
And on a deserted island...
You got sexy things in mind?
Wanna see my panties?
I'll give you a glimpse if you'd like.
You think I won't hit a woman?
Relax. I'm sure you'd hit absolutely anyone.
Then you better cut the bullshit real fast.
Let me ask you this, then.
Why include me in your plan?
You've got the guts to dive headfirst into getting Ayanokoji expelled.
For a 20-million-point jackpot? Who wouldn't?
So, what are you offering?
We're supposed to be equals here.
We discussed that earlier, didn't we?
I see. A group thought up by Hosen-kun, including Nanase-chan...
But who's our fourth?
Don't need one.
The winner of the deserted island test will be the three of us.
You seem very confident about that.
But what about the plan to have the four classes work together
to make the strongest possible group?
I figured one of you two would be the Class D representative.
That's up to me, the leader of Class D, to decide.
You see what I'm getting at?
You're going to send in a lesser being as your representative?
You're picking a fight from all sides.
As long as we send in someone sufficiently smart or strong,
it won't seem suspicious.
And Hosen-kun joining the four-class group would cause problems of its own.
Yeah, he doesn't seem like the teamwork type.
So, let's get down to brass tacks. How much will you pay me?
We won't be paying you.
I will stress again that we are equals.
But our contributions won't be equal, now, will they?
I'm positive I can contribute in any setting, deserted island included.
It'll likely require stamina.
Can our sweet little doll Nanase-chan hope to keep up?
Would you like to try me?
Well, you're quite bold.
Hey, maybe you've got what it takes after all.
I just love strong women.
You seem rather exceptional yourself.
Oh, do I?
Me, Nanase, and you will form a three-person group.
Got that?
I'll admit that Nanase-chan has the physicality.
But I'd still like a bonus for helping you out.
You think pretty highly of yourself, huh?
Tell me, then. What do you want besides the group reward?
expelling Ayanokoji-senpai.
That's my condition.
Man, you're pretty damn full of yourself.
Can't agree to that.
I guess it'll be a no from me, then.
But are you sure you can afford to lose my interest?
You're picking fights on all sides.
Might be hard with no one you can trust besides Nanase-chan.
Of course, if we expel Ayanokoji-senpai, all the glory will go to you.
That's enough, isn't it?
You don't need to accept her terms.
If we give the whole 20 million to Class A, moving forward—
Oh, shut up.
Amasawa, you can have the reward.
Aw, thanks!
I've always thought a man's most appealing trait is his generosity.
Well, see you at the test.
Are you sure about this?
She seems like a backstabber to me.
I haven't trusted you or her from the start.
Why work with her, then?
She's not like the other trash around here.
Like you, she's got hidden depths.
That may be true.
But 20 million feels like a steep price to pay.
Who gives a damn about some verbal agreement?
If I get that guy expelled, the reward gets paid out to me.
She can cry all she wants about it. I won't give a damn.
You're truly cruel.
Ayanokoji, Ryuen, all the unwashed masses out there...
I'll crush anyone who comes after me.
This school's got such crazy rules...
and I'm loving it!